Chapter 14 : Arts and Craft
	
{b}Location{/b} : Newstock, Montana, North American Coalition, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Tuesday, 14th April 2246CE {br}

Virtually all the Newstockers seemed to have the same youthful teenage appearance as Cloe and Iupputer. The exotic body art and bizarre body shapes that were so common in 2299 era Melbourne seemed to be rare in 2246 era Newstock. Except for an assortment of hats, bangles, and bags they were unclothed. Mark / Darren and Saffron stood out being taller, older looking, bulkier and more heavily muscled than the waif-like 2246 era natives.

“What do you want to do first?” asked Cloe. She passed out a token that linked to a shared canvas displaying a map of Newstock.

“We could see a performance at one of the sound stages. There is a steel drum band performing at the Krakatoa Stage. A Gamelan band at the Toba Stage. In 15 minutes there will be a Raxz Band starting at the Pelée Stage. A tap group is dancing on Vesuvius Stage in half an hour. The Newstock Players are half way through the comedy ‘Death of a Telephone Sanitizer’ on the Tambora Stage. The Drop Swans are doing Stravinsky’s Firebird on the Laki Stage but that is almost finished,” said Iupputer as he placed his arms around Saffron.

“I thought the performers were arriving in two weeks?” queried Mark as he examined a display showing a collection of hand painted fabric squares. The fabric stiffened to display the painting and softened to allow the material to be folded and stowed.

“Those are the drone sellouts. A lot of the drop outs are quite talented,” said Cloe.

“Lot of the performers already here are hoping that the festival will be their big chance to break out,” argued Iupputer. “They have their performances streamed to the Mesh. There is not such a sharp distinction between performers with media contracts and those without, Love. It is not fair to dismiss the headliners as sellouts.”

“Which performance would you recommend?” asked Mark. The next series of tents were devoted to ultra-lights. The compact engines weighed next to nothing. The designs on the sails and the engine cowling were colorful and striking. He observed the stream of pedestrians flowing past from the corner of his eye. His extra sensors came on line giving him a 360 degree image of his surroundings. He wasn’t exact sure what he done to trigger the panoramic view or how to switch back to normal vision. He brought up the manual on his sensor systems and skimmed though it.

“The Gamelan group is quite good.” stated Iupputer.

Mark gave up on trying to find out how to return his vision to normal and returned the manual to his ‘to read’ shelf. <The demographics there are a little odd.> he sent to Saffron commenting on the public profiles that sprang up in his vision hovering over the pedestrians heads.

<I know it is very different from the 21st century.> she sent back.

Endless parade of gorgeous naked teenaged bodies sent a flush of heat though his body. After the last few weeks in Saffron’s company he hardly gave a thought to being unclothed, but the jostling and bumping of crowd was a constant reminder that apart from a shoulder bag he was bare as the day he born. <You can say that again.>

“They include a laser harp. How is a laser harp supposed to be a traditional Indonesian instrument? And who uses a laser harp anyway? It has no haptic feedback,” asked Cloe.

<Everyone looks younger that we do, but they are all ancient. Cloe is one of the youngest and she is supposedly twice our age, though she doesn’t act it,> sent Mark.

The press of crowd threw a young girl against him, her breasts warm and soft against his side. He steadied her. He cock twitched against her thigh and instead of being offended she gave him a heart breaking smile, then gave his cock a quick squeeze before slipping back into the crowd. As he watched the retreating smooth unblemished skin of her back and her tight toned arse, he reflected that if his cock had legs it would be running after her. He struggled to damp down on his physical reactions. His reverie was broken by the awareness that Cloe was glaring daggers at the disappearing girl and that her arms were now possessively locked around him and her soft body was pressed against his.

<It’s all those teenage hormones. Being a teenager once was enough for me. I am glad all that confusion and angst is behind me,> sent Saffron who seemed to find something about the situation amusing.

“They do a lot of hybrid music as well as the traditional,” said Iupputer. “And you can get haptic feedback if you wire photo-sensors on your fingers into your tarka.” As if to illustrate the point Jupe’s fingers seem intent on getting haptic feedback from Saffron’s taunt flesh. Saffron responded with a few well-placed squeezes of her own.
Briefly Mark wondered if he should be jealous of Iupputer, but he just could not muster any jealousy. There was something about Jupe and Saffron that simply did not belong together. He could not imagine anything more than what Saffron liked to refer as social activities happening between them.

Mark steered Cloe to the lee of a tall display ordered to obtain some relief from the press of the crowd. She responded by cupping his balls and giving them a gentle squeeze. He yelped in surprise. Then panic set in as the stimulation she was giving him a top all the other excitement sent him dangerously close to the edge. He clamped down and tried to regain control. His perception twisted and something clicked inside his mind and he felt calm. His success in reasserting control was bitter sweet. He felt relieved to avoid embarrassing himself, but vaguely depressed to lose the sense of tingling excitement he had been feeling before. 

After a couple of weeks of intense training in virtuality he had believed he had completely mastered his tarka, however after only half a day in the real world it had become clear that he had virtually no control over his tarka at all. He shook his head to clear it and a wave of dizziness hit him. Moving his head rapidly while his vision was in stuck in 360 degree mode seemed to be a bad idea.

<Where are all the young people?> asked Mark trying to get back to the headspace he was in before.

<You mean the Princesses? There are a few in the camp. There were never very many of them, that is one of the reasons they are called Princesses, plus this isn’t really their scene. There is a famous Princess arriving tomorrow. Or she will be famous. It’s Alysia Farrow, in about fifteen years from now she is going to write my favorite book. I have got to fuck her,> sent Saffron.
<That’s sounds kind of creepy. I am pretty sure that’s stalking,> sent Mark.

“I prefer the steel drum band,” said Cloe.

<It is not stalking. She‘s not famous yet,> sent Saffron.

<She may not know that your attraction to her is based on an obsessive superficial fan crush, but you do. Don’t be that crazed fan girl,> sent Mark.

“Yes, I know,” said Iupputer. From their gestures and body language there was more of the conversation going on silently. Cloe released Mark and stepped closer to Jupe and Saffron. She waved her hands about almost smacking a bystander in the face, forcing her to duck.

<Do they ever stop arguing?> asked Mark. They passed near a collection of glowing humming crystals. The colors and sounds changed as Mark placed his hands close to the crystals.

<She is upset because the organizing committee just voted six to four to accept our deal, and two of those who objected merely wanted Iupputer to press for a better deal. Only one other committee member aside from Cloe objected on principle,> sent Saffron.

<You hacked into their comms?>

<Yes. If a time comes when I cannot hack a 50 year old obsolete system I will book myself into hospital for dementia. Also Survival tarka is not as powerful as the Lotus tarka we use. They are relying a great deal on external logic built into the tent walls and the public utilities, like those benches over there. You remember what I said about how insecure using external logic was don’t you.>

“How about the water park?” asked Cloe.

<You said it wasn’t secure at all. Just how many conversations are you listening to at the same time?> asked Mark. He examined some wooden puzzle boxes. The wood carver encouraged Mark to try and open one. It was fiendishly difficult. He went back to studying the crowd as he manipulated the puzzle. Everyone was breathtakingly beautiful. Mark supposed that came from everybody having complete control over their appearance. Who would choose to be ugly? Also Jupe and Saffron were not the only ones showing public affection. They had passed several couples kissing and cuddling as they had wondered down the avenue. His attention snapped to a couple who seemed to be doing more than kissing. They were next to a statue of a man in an outlandish costume who was holding a quill in one hand and a scroll in the other.

Saffron gave an almost imperceptible shrug. <I am used to it.> 

Mark vision changed from 360 degree mode to zooming in on the couple by the statue. The image went fuzzy. He turned his head slightly and the image sharpened and zoomed in further. He could see exactly what they were doing despite the blurry figures that kept passing in between them and him. He flushed and some of the tingling excitement he had felt before returned. The girl was leaning forward her hands pressed against the statue. The boy was thrusting into her from behind, she was pushing back enthusiastically. The boy trembled then slumped forward. He tore his eyes from the two and to his great relief his eyesight returned to normal. No panoramic or telescopic vision, just his normal 20/5 superhumanly enhanced eyesight. No-one else seemed to pay any attention to the amorous couple so he tried play it cool and do likewise.

Saffron frowned. <Now they’re trying to pressure Cloe into being nice to us. That is not helpful. She has to want to be friends.> She broke her usual rules and looked directly at Mark. <Are you okay with being friendlier with Cloe? It would be good if we could distract her and maybe encourage her see us in a more positive light.>

Cloe was currently in one of the cold phases of the hot and cold treatment she had been giving him. Mark noted the gap between Cloe and himself and her rigid angry posture. Iupputer and Saffron by contrast seemed to be getting on like a house on fire. They had their hands all over each other. <You want me seduce her? Is that really necessary? I don’t think she is into me. And isn’t she married?> asked Mark.

“The water park is getting too crowded,” replied Iupputer to a suggestion from Cloe that Mark had almost forgotten.

<I don’t want you to do anything you’re not comfortable with and it is not necessary to our plans that you seduce her. Possibly helpful, but not really necessary. However if you wanted a 21st century life lived with 21st century morals you could have returned to your own era. If you would like to find out what being a citizen of the 23rd century would be like, Cloe could help you. She is interested in you. She thinks you are cute. If she wasn’t so angry about our land grab, she would be all over you. Between you, Jupe, and myself, you are the person she is least angry with at the moment. If you calm her down and distract her, you will find it rewarding.>

“Miles and his friends should create a bigger one. I am sure many people would help,” said Cloe.

<How do know she is interested in me? She seemed more interested in you.> asked Mark.

“We don’t have the water for a bigger one. The existing one runs on donated water and the most efficient recycling system I have ever seen.” said Iupputer.

<She was interested in me before I bribed them to okay our land grab. She has gone cold on me since. She told her husband that you had a nice smile and she liked your body sculpture.> sent Saffron.

“What else can you do around here?” asked Mark.

“Zombie Tag and Laser Tag are the two of the most popular games.” said Cloe.

“Hidden Secret and Ball Bop are also popular.” said Iupputer.

Mark watched the silent to and fro between Cloe and her husband. He hoped he was not as obvious about his sendings as they were. Saffron hardly ever gave any visible sign that she was communicating with him, however he doubted he was as polished. <I am starting to feel left out of all this conversation. Can you let me hear what they are saying?> he sent as Cloe grew angrier.

<No way. You have one of the worst poker faces I have ever seen. If I let you overhear them you will give yourself away within the first few minutes. I bet you are still thinking of yourself as Mark instead trying to think yourself into the character of Darren.>

Cloe grabbed Mark tightly by the waist and yanked towards a tent filled with sculptures. “Why don’t we look at some arts and crafts while we are deciding,” said Cloe though gritted teeth.

<Now, what’s up with her?> asked Mark.

<Jupe told her to be friendlier to you.>

<This is her being friendly?>

<No, this is her having a tantrum,> sent Saffron.

Cloe dragged him over to an awning where a small Eurasian girl with blue hair was constructing a small sculpture while seated at a long wooden workbench.

<Why do we have to put up with her? Surely we can explore the camp by ourselves?> asked Mark. A metallic smell flooded his nostrils as the girl used a pen laser to weld a copper rod onto a half formed statue of a man holding a torch. Her transparent inner eyelids darkened as the reflected laser light lit up her face.

<One of the objectives of visiting this place was to help you socialize into the 23rd Century. That is not going to happen with a freak like me as your only point of contact. Besides they aren’t just anyone. When I put down those foundations, I drew the organizing committee’s attention. Instead of sending a low level volunteer to welcome us, we were welcomed by Jupe and Cloe who are the chair and the vice-chair of the organizing committee.>

<And this is important how?>

<Unlike me, they are extremely normal. They are very much a product of this decade. They know everybody and everybody knows them. They have great influence and could be very helpful to us.>

<Why do you keep on putting yourself down? You seem perfectly normal to me.>

Saffron widen her eyes. <You must have a strange conception of what’s normal then. I was unconventional to start with and more than a decade of extreme stress has not improved matters.>

Mark brought up the sculptor’s profile

{block}
{tt}Name: Lynn Penn{br}
Role: Water Park Committee Member{br}
Age: 58{br}
Gender: Female{br}
Sexually: Bisexual{br}
Marital Status: Married (Open) {br} Spouse: Cassandra Penn{/tt}
{/block}

The girl glanced up. “Hello Cloe,” she said frowning.

“Hey don’t be like that. We had a good time didn’t we?” asked Cloe.

“God, Cloe. Is that all you think about?” said Lynn. “I am still annoyed with you. It was bad manners to ask for a gift like that, Cloe.”

Cloe's face and chest flushed red with embarrassment. “Are you still going on about that?”

“Yes, I am still upset.”

“It wasn’t for me.” Cloe tightened her hold on Mark. Moving until she was almost hiding behind him.

“It doesn’t matter.”

“How am I supposed tell you what is needed?”

“Tell me a story. If it’s good story {b}maybe{/b} I will help. A gift is not a gift unless it is a matter of choice,” Lynn argued. She turned to the others. “Darren, Saffron you must be the couple with the unusual tents that everyone is talking about. I am so pleased to meet you.”

“It is nice to meet you Lynn,” returned Saffron. “Cloe has had a bad day today. She could use a little love.”

“Knowing Cloe, it’s all her own fault.”

“She means well.”

“Yes, she always {b}means{/b} well,” noted Lynn.

“Could you please stop talking about me as if I’m not here?” pleaded Cloe.

“At least we are talking out loud. It could be worse. We could be messaging behind your back,” responded Saffron.

Cloe turned a deeper red than before. Squirming with embarrassment. Mark almost jumped as she nervously started nibbling on his arm.  

“Oh that is cruel,” commented Lynn.

“Is that going to be a lamp?” asked Saffron.

"Yes," she replied. She glanced at the statue and some cloth-like material unfurled from the torch the figure was holding and started to glow. The material fluttered and danced, mimicking the movement of flames. "I prefer to combine beauty and utility. I guess it's the architect in me."

"Is that what you did before you dropped out?", asked Saffron.

"I only partially dropped out. There is a mainstream market for my sculptures, but yes, I was at an architectural firm before I took up my current lifestyle."

"Why did you break with them?" Asked Saffron.

"They tried to lock me into a five year employment contract. The benefits and protection were all on their side.  The downside was all on my side. I managed to avoid it for some time as I was quite senior. Eventually all the juniors had either signed or had been replaced by people who would. It became harder for me to resist the pressure. It never made any sense to me. However, many of the other business fads of the 30's never made any sense to me, either. With no large projects coming into the pipeline and fewer smaller projects coming in, they were going to have to reduce staff anyway, but they said they needed to position themselves for the upswing. Eight years later I have yet to see an upswing. Some of the other talent in the company decided to branch out on their own and wanted me to join them, but I had been in the business for 30 years and decided I needed a change of pace. I’ve never regretted it. This lifestyle is a lot more relaxing. No more people in your face who think courtesy is a sign of naivety and that aggression and selfishness is the path to success.”

"Have you ever thought about going back to architecture?"

"Of course. But the economy still hasn't bounced back. And if I did find work I’m not sure I’m ready for the hassle. I enjoy the work. It was just dealing with the people that was the problem. The backlash from the excesses of the 30's has made it politic to at least pretend to pay attention to people skills and professional courtesy. However, too much of this is still only lip service. There is a deep seated belief in many companies that you need to be hard and unfeeling to succeed," said Lynn.

"I could actually use an architect."

"What! For tents?"

"For semi-permanent buildings, sturdier than traditional tents, faster to construct and more flexible than traditional buildings. We're a hybrid organization. The nonprofit side works on open content designs and humanitarian aid. The commercial side works on customizing and manufacturing our open content offerings. The non-profit side is pro bono work, the commercial side works on profit sharing. You decide which side of the business you work on and when. And there is a lucrative commission for the design of our compound in Newstock that is on offer," said Saffron.

"The compound you are building on the west-side? Isn't a little late for an architect? You're half way finished."

"The first two stories will soon be finished, but it's build out of a collection of standard identical modules. I’m sure you can come up with something better. You can relocate modules, add new ones or replace standard modules with customized ones of your own design. We will donate the old modules to deserving people in the camp. With the upper stories you won't have to worry about pre-existing structures, you’ll have a blank slate."

"You’re giving me a blank check. That does ‘t seem very responsible with your donor’s money?" commented Lynn.

"It is hardly a blank check. All the materials will be coming from our own industrial printers. If you need something that is not in our catalogs then you will need to run it past me first. If you want to change our living quarters you might want to give me a heads up. In fact you should inform anyone living in the modules effected by your changes."

"Well that sounds more like a real life project. Maybe a little too real life."

"I wouldn't get too hung up on the constraints, people will put up with a little shuffling around if it means they get to live in an apartment designed by the renowned Lynn Penn,” replied Saffron.

"I am hardly renowned.”
	
"Twelve time winner of the Blakey award, Six time winner of the Reinard Prize, Four time - "

"Enough! So you can search the Mesh. Well I can search the Mesh as well. Darren has 17 patents for various nano-materials. You have 13 patents for assorted printer technologies. Together you have published 53 open content designs that help drop outs live comfortably on a limited budget. I should have heard of you before now. Yet the first I knew about either of you was when you turned up today. It is like you appeared from nowhere,” interrupted Lynn.

"You know how it is. You slave away for years in obscurity, before becoming an overnight success. The article Trevor Kane wrote a few months ago in the 'Quiet Life' really raised our profiles,” explained Saffron. “Here are the specs for the compound.”

<Saf, how much of this is bullshit? What is Lynn going to find if she digs into the details of those patents and designs?> asked Mark.

<The patents and open content designs are rock solid. Its other aspects of our cover story that are a little more shaky,> replied Saffron.

<But that would have taken ages to set up. Where did you get all those inventions and designs?>

“I have not said that I am taking the job,” stated Lynn.

<Yes, Darren’s and Saffron’s cover was a bitch to set up. Especially getting that interview with Trevor. I cheated with the patents and designs though, I copied them from the snapshot of the 2299 Mesh I had,> said Saffron. “We both know you find this project intriguing. Have a look at the material, see what you think. I promise you that it will be fun.”

<Who did you steal the designs from?> asked Mark.

<No one. They always belonged to us. I copied them from our patient applications and our future mesh-portal. Our Saffron and Darren identities are semi-famous in the future.>

“Alright, I have to admit it does look interesting,” said Lynn.

<Doesn't that mean that information just appeared out of nowhere without anyone inventing it. That sounds too much like a free lunch,> sent Mark.

<The information was generated by the computational power of the Quantum interference within the time loop we generated by crossing our own world line. And it's not without costs. It can distort probability within the time loop in unpredictable ways. So if we are killed by a freak meteor or pink Unicorns suddenly appear out thin air, you get to tell me you told me so,> explained Saffron.

“What would you have done if you had not run into me?” asked Lynn.

<Techno babble aside that still sounds freaky. I suppose if I asked you what happened to the original Darren and Saffron you will tell me that we were always the original Darren and Saf,> sent Mark.

<As prep work for this trip I went back to 2244 and checked the location of everyone on a list of famous social innovators. The two people on the top of the list did not seem to exist at all,> sent Saffron. “I would have inflicted an ugly monstrosity on poor Newstock.”

<So you figured you would create them by being them. What gave you the idea to check in the first place?> asked Mark.

<I reasoned that I was incapable of sitting quietly somewhere without making some kind of commotion. Therefore our 40's era aliases were probably people I already knew about. Perhaps someone I knew personally.>

“You mentioned humanitarian aid. What sort of aid are you involved in?” asked Lynn.

<Hold it. Knew personally. Your parents are on the list aren't they?> asked Mark.

<No, we're not my parents. I am pretty sure that is impossible, besides  they were quite easy to find,> sent Saffron. “We are using some of the profits from our contract work to donate the same type of tents we are setting up there at Newstock, to needy people in Africa and South America. Just because Survival Tarkika can live without shelter does not mean they find it pleasant. The number of tents is still relatively small. However we are hoping to ramp it up as the organization expands.”

“If I alter the design can I publish the new design as open content?” asked Lynn.

“Of course,” replied Saffron. <And the vote has just changed to nine for, one against, with Cloe being the only hold out. That tent donation story really impressed the committee.>

<Hold it. The organizational committee is listening in to our conversation?> asked Mark.

<Iupputer sent them the tail end of the conversation. He knew it that it would play well to his fellow committee members,> sent Saffron.

“Alright, I will think about it,” said Lynn.

“That’s all I ask,” said Saffron.

“In that case let me present you with a tent warming gift,” said Lynn. Reaching back into the shelves behind her she selected a quartz carving of a girl carrying a basket of flowers and presented it to them.

“Thank you, that is very kind,” said Saffron.

<She must really like you. That’s is an original. She usually gives people copies and saves the originals to sell,> sent Cloe.

“Can we pick it up on the way back? I have got a feeling it is going to be a long day.”

“Sure. I will bond it to the table. It will release, if you send it this token,” said Lynn picking her pen laser up and resuming her wielding.

“I would like to present you with a gift as well,” said Saffron laying a pair of flowery ear rings on the bench.

Lynn put down her laser and touched one of the ear rings. The flower design changed form and shape. “Puzzle flowers! And there seems to be some extra data stored in them as well, beyond the transformation matrixes,” said Lynn with a smile.

“Those are some experimental tool designs that we trialing at ‘Smart Drop Out’. They require a level 4 printer,” said Saffron.

“Michael has a level 4. I may just try out those designs, they look interesting. The designs are a thoughtful gift and the ear rings are beautiful. Thank you,” said Lynn. They said their goodbyes and moved on.

They wandered further down the thoroughfare.

<I still think there’s something funky about the demographics there. You have explained the Princesses, sort of. What about the generation after the Princesses, people born between 2228 and 2257, the missing generation?> asked Mark.

<It is called the missing generation for a reason.> sent Saffron.

They stopped and watched 5 people dance with 5 animated statues. There were statues of glass, steel, rock, wood, and burning rope. The dance seemed to be telling a story.

Mark watched the people wandering the avenues between the tents, as he scanned their public profiles he commented to Saffron about what he observed. <Also everyone there seems to be married. Most of them are open marriages. I assume that means that everyone here are swingers. Most people are married to only one person but a few are married to two or three.>

<I realize that people in the 21st Century were repressed and had a lot of hang ups, but as you are living in the 23rd Century now, you need to be more flexible. Marriage is a very important institution and very popular with the ‘renewer’s and the ‘care not’s. Not as popular with the ‘shattered’, the Princesses or the tainted,>

One of the dancer exalted the others using large grand gestures. He gestured towards the burning rope figure seemingly praising it. He started to dance with the fire figure, faster and faster, closer and closer with the other dancers trying to warn the fire’s partner like a Greek chorus foretelling doom.

<Who are the tainted?>

<It’s a derogatory term for the veteran’s generation. Please forget I used it. They killed 8 billion people, invented the garroting platform, and engaged in a witch hunt, scapegoating the leaders they had praised before the war. So, “Tainted”. There is a reason we will never ski down the mountain and visit our neighborhood tainted village. Just don’t used the term, because the minute you do there will be a veteran standing behind you getting all insulted.>

The fire was spreading. Leaping from tile to tile, forcing the dancers to twist and dodge to avoid getting burnt. The rock figure collapsed covered in flames.

<What about the swinging?>

<We feel that engaging in social activities with other couples is psychologically healthy and helps with community building and social bonding,>

<In the 21st century social activities usually meant something like tennis,>

<We do tennis too,>

<Is that before or after the sex?>

<Sometimes during,>

Mark raised his eyebrows.

<Like you’ve never played ‘Serve, Return, or Dare’?>

<No, I haven’t, actually.>

<I can see your education has been sorely neglected.>

<I look forward to your educating me.>

The glass figure administered to the burnt and blackened dancers soothing their hurts and dowsing the flames. The dancers surrounded the burning rope figure, forcing it back and subduing it.

<Perhaps you should start educating Cloe. She is your date and you have been neglecting her.>

<Jupe had to force her to stand next to me. She been scowling and grimacing the almost entire time.>

<She is angry but she is not angry at you. You are soothing and distracting her.>

<She looks pretty angry to me. And why is she sucking my upper arm?>

<Okay the arm thing is a bit weird. It seems to be some sort of soothing behavior. However she is pressed up against you, rubbing herself against you, she is massaging your balls. What more does the poor girl have to do? Lie on the floor with her legs in the air and yell ‘Take me big boy’?>

<I thought she was warning me to behave or else.>

<Darren shut up, just shut up. I want you to take your right hand, the one that you are resting on the top of her hip and I want you to move that hand lower. Lower. Lower. Now squeeze a little. Rub a little.>

Cloe tilted her hip, raising one leg off the ground, wrapping it around his hip.  A moan escaped her lips. She tilted her head up, a grin split her face from ear to ear. It was the first time he had seen her happy in their short acquaintance.

In response to her enthusiast he stiffened. She rubbed herself against his hardness.

“Uhm! That feels nice,” said Cloe.

<Was that so hard?> asked Saffron.

<It was the most natural thing in the world,> sent Mark despite feeling as if everyone was watching him. 

“Need your fingers inside me,” urged Cloe.  Mark told himself that he had seen several couples do far worse and nobody had paid any attention. He sank his index finger into her wetness and curled his finger rubbing against her back wall. She moan louder and trembled.

<Do you think you could take it from here?> asked Saffron

<I believe I can.> sent Mark. 

<More fingers, I want you to fist me.> sent Cloe. Mark added a second finger and then a third then stopped. Maybe Jupe or Lynn could fist her with their smaller hands however he doubted that he or Saffron could. Cloe trembled and moaned. She started breathing more quickly and flushed red half way down her chest.

<You told me in Melbourne that it was rude to do this in public.> sent Mark.

<It’s considered impolite to fuck in public in the 90’s but this is the 40’s, it would be rude not to. It’s not called the fucking forties for nothing.> sent Saffron.

<Don’t wimp out on me now. I need all of them,> sent Cloe as she thrust her hips back onto his fingers. Reluctantly Mark added a fourth finger. Cloe grunted and shuddered.

“So do you want to do this?” asked Iupputer.

A startled Mark realized that the dance they were supposed to be watching was over and they had missed the end.

“Jupe, why did you have to interrupt just then? It was just getting good.” complained Cloe.

“It is not my fault you took so long to get started,“ said Jupe. “We are going to need a fifth dancer.”

“I will dance with you,” offered a pale haired waif.

Mark brought up the waif’s profile

{block}
{tt}Name: Sandra Green {br}
Role: Water Green Team Captain (Laser Tag){br}
Age: 118{br}
Gender: Female{br}
Sexually: Heterosexual {br}
Marital Status: Married{br}
Spouse: George Green{/tt}
{/block}
<Here are the dance steps. You are playing the part of San,> sent Saffron.

<Why are we doing this, again?> asked Mark.

<It is a Garry Helmholdt interactive art installation. Garry is a genius and his installations are brilliant. The dance steps not only position you but also control the movement of the statue you are paired with.>

Cloe stiffened within his arms. “I am not playing the part of Ziv. Let Saffron play her,” Cloe told Jupe.

“You are playing the part of the villain?” Mark gushed. “You are so lucky. Villains are way more interesting than heroes. Especially when they are played over the top. You do realize that you are not the role. What’s a character you play does as part of the show says nothing about what the actor would do in real life. That said, there is something about bad girls that gets me going. - Can you be a bad girl for me? Bad girls get to do things that good girls don’t.”

Cloe licked her lips. “Do bad girls get to ride you reverse cowgirl while you fist their asshole.”

“Whatever floats your boat,”

“I guess I am going to be {b}very{/b} bad girl.”







