Chapter 5: Ride

{b}Location{/b} : Melbourne, Oceania, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Thursday, 22 November 2283 CE {br}

"You are going to need some extra minerals to help the tarka colonize your body," Ichigo said taking a container from her bag. A glass mug of hot liquid emerged from a panel at the rear of the cabin. She poured some powder from the container into the mug, then stirred with a rod, that had been stored inside the container. She then handed him the drink.

Mark took a sip from the drink. It tasted of Chocolate and Mint, but with a metallic taste, presumably from Ichigo's powder. Mark suddenly felt an overpowering craving for the drink, and would have skolled it, if it had not been so hot. He finished and said, "More."

"Really! I usually can't stand the stuff. Of course I have never needed it as badly as you do, right now," she said. Ichigo grabbed another hot drink from what seemed to be some sort of automated drink maker, poured in the last of her mineral supplement, stirred it then passed it to him.

This drink seemed to be hot lemon and ginger. As he drank it the inside of the limo seemed to become brighter. Everything became sharper and clearer. The tiredness he was feeling dropped away and was replaced by energy. He became aware of the whirring sound of the wheels as they traveled over the road and the smell of soap from the bed sheets and Strawberry and Mint from Ichigo.

"That seemed to pick you up. Would you like some Champagne?" she asked, offering him a flute of something bubbly.

"I thought I was not allowed alcohol."

"Well those drugs have been purged from your system, and the alcohol won't fare much better. Alcohol is wasted on us, I'm afraid. It is one of the things I miss, getting a buzz from alcohol, but at least it still has a nice taste."

He took the offered flute and sipped it slowly. She took a second flute from the drinks dispenser.

"Have you given any more thought about the deal I proposed?" she asked.

"What deal?" 

"Where I help you with your project and you help me with mine." Ichigo returned her half empty drink to the dispenser. Then snuggled up to him, resting her head on his chest.

"I will help you whether you help me or not. I think you are worth helping,Ó he said.

"You hardly know me." 

"I know you always think about others before you think about yourself. You have a keen sense of fairness and justice, and a strong sense of responsibility. Even when you are trying to be fun and irresponsible you cannot help but think of others."

"Ouch! I didn't realize I was so un-fun. That is quite a lot to get from such a short collection of conversations," she said.

"They were conversations under intense circumstances." he commented.

"Before you jump to volunteer, I need to confess that what I am going to attempt will be very dangerous."

"Saving your friends and family?"

"Yes, some of them are believed dead, others are missing, while others are in prison. The first item on my list of people to save is my parents who died when I was 16." she said.

"So you are going to try to change the past. Wouldn't that cause a paradox?" 

"No, because it is impossible to change the past. A comprehensive Time Travel Rheory was discovered in 2143, remember? The implications of the theory are clear. The past is fixed."

"Then how can you save your parents?" he asked.

"My theory is that my parents never died, that a future version of me went back in time, and faked my parents death, and spirited them away. The alternative being that a future version of me went back in time, and died trying to save them."

"What about an alternative where a future version of you never went back and tried to save them?"

"That is not a decision I would ever make," she stated.

"What makes you think this is dangerous? What could kill you?"

"I told you before that the laws of probability are distorted in, and around time loops. Any path that has inconsistencies, or contradictions has zero probability of happening, even if it was almost certain to happen, without the presence of the time loop. The events we are talking about are already part of the time loop we are traveling, they have already happened. It is like reading a book. By the time you start reading a book the author has already written the ending. It is only your ignorance that maintains suspense. There is nothing you as a reader can do to change the outcome. As with a book, there is no way for me to change the outcome of this loop. If I am right then I have already rescued them. If I am wrong something prevented me from rescuing them. It could have been something that would normally be improbable. I could have been killed by a falling meteor or struck by lightning, or killed by a suddenly appearing assassin from future."

"You seem comfortable with the thought of your own death," he commented.

"I have been under a death sentence for 11 years. At any time I could have been shot through the head, from long distance by a sniper, or from up close, when I discovered too late that someone I trusted was a government mole. It has made it easier than it would otherwise have been, to overcome my attachment to my continued existence. It was that or go insane from fear."

"So who is the author in this metaphor?  Destiny, God?"

"As a Buddhist I don't anthropomorphize the universe in that way. And just because I believe that past events are fixed, it does not mean I don't believe in free will," she stated.

"I thought you just explained how you had no way of effecting events."

"Cause and effect, and the laws of probability are far more complicated in the presence of time loops, but they still apply. Events are fixed, not because I have no free will, but because I have already exercised my free will, and have already made my decisions."

"I can almost follow your reasoning, but only be twisting my head into a pretzel," he said. "I did not realize you were a Buddhist."

"The way I keep on referencing the eight-fold path, I would have thought you would have realized."

"I don't remember you mentioning the eight-fold path."

"While I did not say those exact three words, nevertheless the topic came up several times," she said.

"What makes you think that rescuing them is even possible?' he asked.

"Because I think I have done something similar. Remember the friend of mine that I was supposed to meet, but who never turned up so I ended up meeting you instead? He had disappeared from 2299.  He seems to have disappeared about a month before he sent the message. I think that a future version of me was actually the one who sent that message, in order that we would meet. If I could setup a recursive time loop in order to meet you, then setting one up to save my parents, does not seem such a stretch."

"What if your friend was actually the one who sent that message? What if it was only a coincidence that we met? What if your parents actually died all that time ago?" he asked.

"Then I am totally fucked, and not in a good way. Alive at 16 in 2288 and dead at 27 in 2288. Speaking of getting fucked. There was a reason I asked for a limo with a bed" Ichigo removed some padded restraints from a cabinet. Since you cannot be trusted not to wave that broken arm about, perhaps we should try a little bondage. She fastened his bad arm and leg to the side of the vehicle. "You know, perhaps you should sit out my parents' rescue. It is going to be a simple snatch and grab, or rather a simple grab and snatch. You can help with the next rescue.  We will rescue Selena next. No! On second thoughts, I am not going to enjoy dealing with Selena, and trying to make her understand how much has changed for me in the last 11 years. We will rescue Nightingale next instead. At least {b}she{/b} is going to be helpful." She said not bothering to explain who Selena or Nightingale were.

"No I want to help. I don't know what I would do if I lost my parents. Well I suppose they are long dead here in 2283 but they are alive back in 2017. Losing them both at 16 must have been hard for you."

"It was a very dark time for me. You don't have to do this you know," she said.

"I want to," he replied.

"Alright, I will station you on the roof of the highest building in the block with some appropriate weaponry which I will provide training for. You can keep a lookout, while I go in and perform the snatch."

"I can live with that."

"Now that I have you in my power, I can have my wicked way with you," she joked kissing him.

"You can have your wicked way with me anytime."

"You seemed to have an interest in tasting me before. Perhaps you should try drinking from the source."

"Let me guess you taste of Strawberry or maybe Mint," he said.

Ichigo straddled his face and lowered herself onto him. Her pussy was shaved except for a short strip of short blue-green hair which smelled of Mint. Her pussy smelled strongly of Strawberry. He parted her outer lips with his good hand. She shivered as he ran his tongue over her inner lips. She did taste of strawberries, but tasted more like dry white wine and strawberries, rather than sweetness he was expecting. Despite her pussy juice having no bubbles, there was a fizziness as it hit his tongue. The sensation was not quite the same as a carbonated drink but it was startling nonetheless. "Strawberry Champagne?"

<I was going for a sparkling dry Strawberry wine so I suppose that is close enough. You don't have to speak aloud just subvocalize and 'think' the words at me. And don't stop licking me,> Ichigo sent. Mark was startled as he 'heard' Ichigo without hearing her though his ears.

<Like this?> he asked.

<Yes, but less thinking, and more licking.>

Mark resumed licking her inner lips then started flicking his tongue backwards and forwards across her clit. She moaned as he started sucking her clit. She started grinding her pussy against his chin, lips and nose.

<I need something inside,> she sent.

He inserted his finger into her cunt. He hooked his finger rubbing against her rear wall, sucking hard on her clit. Her moans increased in pitch and volume. He lost his purchase on her clit as she start rocking her hips backward and forward.

She lifted herself off him, then reversed her position facing toward his feet. Noting the fact that she seem to like direct stimulation, he found her clit again, and sucked it into his mouth, flicking it with his tongue. Ichigo started trembling and breathing hard. She grabbed his cock and started milking it. His hips jerked in surprise as she cupped his ball sac and started massaging his balls.

<Careful with those. I will need them later,> he sent.

<Is this okay?>

<I guess so.> he replied as he nervously let himself experience the unusual sensation.

<How about this?> she asked as she placed her lips around the tip of his cock.

<Good.> He sent as she flicked the end of his cock with her tongue then started sucking, swirling her tongue. He tried to maintain his stimulation of her clit despite the distraction. Ichigo twitched and shook with the effort of not thrusting her hips. She took his cock all the way down her throat. He felt her throat as it massaged and squeezed his cock while she swallowed and sucked. With total control of her body she could obviously suppress her gag reflex.

<Is that difficult?> he asked.

<Is what difficult?>

<Taking me all the way down your throat?>

<No, it's easy. I have voluntary control over much of what is involuntary in ordinary humans. Which makes it simple.>

A drone appeared carrying a dildo. <Use this on me,> Ichigo instructed.

Mark lifted the dildo off the drone, and the drone disappeared back into its cabinet. He inserted the tip of the dildo in her cunt. She thrust back with her hips forcing the dildo further into her.

<I am going to connect you to the dildo. It has sensors and servos, you should be able feel sensations from it, and control it. Just concentrate on the sensations and they will get stronger,> she sent to him.

He had trouble concentrating with the way she was bobbing up and down on his cock.

He started feeling a wetness and tightness around his hand as if his hand were inside her cunt instead of the dildo. He flexed his hand and the dildo flexed. Ichigo started to keen and her cunt fluttered and spasmed around his dildo/hand as she climaxed.

<I am going to tweak how you perceive the dildo.> She sent as she twitched and trembled; thrusting back onto his dildo/hand.

Suddenly Mark's brain was telling him that the sex toy was actually a part of his own body. Incredible sensations were coming from the dildo and incredible sensations were coming from his cock as Ichigo started to hum. Mark was rapidly reaching the point of no return. He let the dildo's servos take over the job of thrusting into her cunt, as he reapplied himself to licking Ichigo's clit. She tried to scream but was muffled by his cock.

<One - more - tweak,> she sent the barely coherent message.

As his climax built in his real cock, Ichigo's second tweak hit him and his brain started telling him not only did the dildo feel like another cock it WAS his second cock. The suction around his real cock was incredible as it felt like she was about to inhale his dick. Ejaculate boiled out of his real cock as he climaxed. Wave after wave of contractions hit Ichigo, her cunt tightening around his second cock as she climaxed. A second climax hit Mark and he came in her cunt.

Ichigo collapsed on him, and did not move for a while. Mark did not feel like moving either. After a while she reversed position and started cuddling him.

When Mark could talk he croaked out "Did you actually perform brain surgery on me while you were climaxing?"

<Get into the habit of sending instead talking,> she directed.

<It was like you were hacking my brain while we were having sex,> he complained.

<I triggered the application of a standard package designed for both our pleasure. I certainly was not able to do anything complicated at that point in time.>

Mark was suddenly reminded of the argument they had had when he found out that she was not a doctor. He had not won that argument, and was probably not going to win this one either. He could feel the location of the dildo even though he was not looking it just as if it were any other part of his body. He had trouble thinking of it as anything other than his other penis.

<Was it my imagination or did that dildo actually ejaculate?> He asked.

<Yes, the ejaculate is loaded into the base in the form of a disposable capsule.>

<Could you disconnect me from the bloody thing please.> He requested.  Just like that the dildo was just another piece of plastic.

<I don't think I am comfortable with your having full administration privileges to my brain,> he said.

<At the moment you do not have the training to conduct your own maintenance on your tarka,> she sent. <As an incentive to apply yourself, if you graduate from my basic training course I will give up unrestricted security access to your tarka.>

<How long is that going take?> he asked.

<It will take a month for your mind and body to fully adjust to the tarka. If you really work hard, you should have mastered the basics of what you need to know by then.> She continued <Perhaps I should tell the vehicle to stop circling the block, and actually take us to the hotel. Would you like to soak in the spa for a while when we get there?> Ichigo removed the restraints restricting the movement of his bad arm and leg.

<Yes, that sounds good. Followed by some deep sleep. It has been a long day,> he replied.

The limo pulled up to the hotel and they exited the vehicle.



