Chapter 15 : Run, Jump and Dance

{b}Location{/b} : Newstock, Montana, North American Coalition, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Tuesday, 14th April 2246CE {br}

Iupputer was the first one on the tiles. He danced the activation sequence of Quar, Lover of Stone. Jupe's dance style reminded Mark of funk with lots of popping. The animatronic statue of the stone sprite responded with the acknowledgement dance sequence.

<Thanks for dealing with Cloe.  I didn't want another argument even if poor Jupe would have borne the brunt of it. If I had given in and played Ziv, she would have made some snarky remark about showing my true colors,> sent Saffron.

<I was afraid it was too much,> replied Mark.

Sandra stepped onto the tiled area next. She danced the activation sequence for Nok, Lover of Metal. Sandra's dance style seemed to alternate slow deliberate motions with short sharp explosive movements. It seemed almost martial. The animatronic statue of the metal sprite responded with its acknowledgment dance sequence.

<For anyone else maybe, but you pushed all her buttons. You have been doing a good job distracting her.  She hasn't messaged any of her fellow committee members for 10 whole minutes,> sent Saffron.

<She has probably just given up.>

<Not Cloe. That girl is tenacious. She does not know the meaning of surrender.> 

Mark stepped onto the tiles. He danced the activation sequence for San, Lover of Water. He tried to keep his movements fluid with a swing that suggested ocean waves. The animatronic statue of the water sprite responded with the acknowledgment dance sequence. Mark had studied the choreography of the humans and the sprites and thought he understood how the gestures and movement of the dancers controlled the animated statues. He shifted his weight and ventured a few gestures and was rewarded by the glass and water automaton he was paired with performing a few dance steps.

"Hey, that is not part of the dance," complained Cloe.

"Think of it as a warm up. I needed to test my understanding of the underlying mechanics of this installation." Mark followed his statement with a side shuffle and a series of gestures. The water sprite pirouetted.

"Stop that. You’re not supposed to do that. You don't need to understand how it works. All you have to do is follow the choreography in your tarka," demanded Cloe.

"Playing and interacting with the installation is an important part of the experience the artist intended us to have," stated Mark.

"How do you know what his intention was?" asked Cloe.

"Because otherwise he would have preprogrammed the sprites or made all ten dancers robots. And you’re forgetting that the first rule of art installations is the same as for life?"

"Safety and environmental hazards must be reported to the safety committee?" asked Cloe.

"You are supposed have fun. You need to appreciate where you are and what you have," said Saffron.

"Because it can all be taken always from you at any time," said Sandra. A look of understanding passed between Saffron and Sandra.

Sandra gestured and the black, silver, and copper spiky metal sprite lunched into action with a block, then a reverse punch, followed by a spinning reverse kick. A startled Cloe scrambled backwards and almost fell over. 

Mark brought up Sandra's profile and did some sums. At 118 years old Sandra would have been in her 20's during the Sequestration Wars. She was of the veteran generation. She had lived through the end of her world. The country she fought for probably didn't even exist anymore. She could have always been a civilian during the war, however by the end the only difference between the soldiers and civilians was the quality of their weapons. Mark shivered as the possibility of Sandra being a Sequestered occurred to him. Some of them had survived. Being forced to watch as your hijacked body killed your friends and family was the worst thing he could imagine.
 
Saffron was the next one on the tiles. With slow airy moments she danced the activation sequence of Rog, Lover of Wood. Saffron's dance evoked the swaying of trees. The animatronic statue of the tree-like wood sprite responded with the acknowledgment dance sequence. She finished with gestured commands that sent the sprite tumbling across the tiles. The wood sprite's leafy fingers whipped out and slapped Jupe's butt.

Cloe was the last one on the tiles. "We can do {b}fun{/b}. I can be {b}fun{/b}. Let no-one say that I am not {b}fun{/b}.," she muttered darkly as she danced the activation sequence of Ziv, Lover of Fire in a Latin style. The animatronic statue of the fire sprite responded with the acknowledgment dance sequence. As the coils of animated burning rope finished its dance, all the sprites started a coordinated dance sequence. Then Mark was busy following the dance step instructions that his tarka was feeding him. Shadows appeared in his vision showing the upcoming steps.

The first part of the story showed the five humans and five sprites working in harmony. Cloe’s character, Ziv, kept encouraging the use of the fire sprite, persuading the other humans to neglect the other sprites in favor of using fire. Cloe danced much closer to the fire sprite than the choreography indicated. She embraced the fire sprite, getting the sprite fuel all for herself. Flames licked over her skin.

<Saf should we be doing something about that?> asked Mark.

<You mean like reporting her to the safety committee? The sprite fuel burns at a low temperature. Limited contact is not painful or harmful. I don’t think you’re supposed to smear it all over yourself though. However even if she does damage her skin, her survival tarka will repair any burns quickly. Splash some water on her if you think it’s getting out of hand. Remember you're controlling a giant animated water container,> replied Saffron.

When Cloe’s hair caught fire Mark squirted her with water from the water sprite.  Cloe spun around a looked daggers at him. She danced a little warning dance that was completely different from the dance steps she was supposed to be dancing at that stage of the story.

<Cloe really seems to have taken aboard those little speeches you made about being a bad girl, not following the choreography, and having fun,> sent Saffron.

<Setting yourself on fire is supposed to be fun?> asked Mark.

<Obviously Cloe thinks so.>

<Cloe is nuts.>

Cloe's dance became more erotic with her touching herself, touching the sprite and putting herself on display. Since she was now dripping wet she did not manage to set herself on fire a second time.

The fire sprite lost control and fires started at various places on the tiles. The stone sprite left piles of soot and red ochre on the tiles. Making the motions part of the dance, they marked their skins and each other’s skins red and black to indicate they had been burnt. Mark noticed that tears were flowing down Sandra’s cheeks and she was visibly upset. Mark used the water sprite to put out the fires and heal the humans by washing away their burns. 

The sprites and their human partners surrounded Ziv and the fire sprite and imprisoned them. With the fire spirit caged, the world became cold and the humans started to die. They released Ziv and the fire sprite after they promised to behave. Prosperity returned to the land. The dance ended with Ziv again asserting that fire was most powerful and useful element and trying to persuade the others to use fire more and the other elements less.  The audience clapped as the dance ended and the dancers bowed and left the tiled area.

Cloe ran to Mark and wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled herself up wrapping her legs around his hips. He supported her butt with his hands. She was surprisingly light.

“What do you think? Was that bad enough?” asked Cloe.

“That was pretty bad,” replied Mark. 

Cloe tightened her grip on him and kissed him. Saffron came up behind Cloe, reached down and positioned his cock at her entrance.  Cloe moaned as Mark lowered her onto his member.  She was wet and tight. Mark luxuriated in the feel of his cock buried deep inside her petite body. She let go of his neck and arched back until her hands were on the ground. He felt his cock pressed hard against the front wall of her vagina. She tried wriggling her hips and pushing up with her hands before finally pulling herself up with a little assistance from Saffron. She wrapped her hands around his neck again pulling herself up and down his cock. He assisted with his hands, raising and lowering her soft firm butt, thrusting, her onto his throbbing cock. The tension and sensation built within him until he felt ready to explode.

Cloe cried out and her cunt tightened around him as Saffron inserted one, then two fingers up her ass.
Cloe trembled and shook, thrusting and jerking her hips. He could feel Saffron’s fingers through the thin wall separating them from his cock. The sensations almost pushed him over the edge, but he held himself back from orgasm by main will. He started tingling all over with the effort of holding it in. Saffron reached around with her other hand and twisted and pulled Cloe's nipple. Her breast was still red from her encounter with the fire sprite.

"Oh Saffron, I take back everything I said about you," moaned Cloe.

Saffron rolled her eyes. <Maybe not the smartest thing, to admit to me that she has been talking about me behind my back while I have my hand up her ass,> Saffron sent to Mark.

Jupe came in from the other side and started tweaking her other breast and nuzzling it. Cloe went crazy thrusting her hips and screaming out her orgasm. Mark released the orgasm that he had been holding back and it crashed through him as he spurted spunk deep inside Cloe. 

The audience who had gathered to watch them dance clapped and cheered.

<Cloe doesn't seem shy,> sent Mark a little unsteadily. His knees were unsteady as the afterglow washed though his body.

<Our Cloe likes it rough. I don't. If you mistreat my nipples the way I treated hers you will get a very negative reaction,> sent Saffron.

<Did the pacifist threaten me?> asked Mark.

<Just defining boundaries.>

<She is not letting go of me,> Mark noted as a mixture of spunk and pussy juice started flowing over his balls and down his leg.

<Then just carry her, she is only 40kg! Really, you could carry ten times that weight,> sent Saffron.

<Has it occurred to you that these people are very conformist for a counter culture?>

<Most rebellious sub-cultures are. Being part of a group with a strong identity, a strong sense of them and us, a strong sense of belonging, is part of the appeal. I remember when I was 14 and getting involved with 'Students for Open Government' all the members wore similar body mods and we all listened to the same music.>

<Why is everyone bisexual? Most people were heterosexual in the 21st century.>

<Not everybody is bisexual, only about 80% of people are bisexual. People have less sexual hang ups in this era and bisexuality gives you more flexibility in engaging in social activities.>

<I don't think you need to have to have sex with people to be friends with someone.>

<No but it is a great ice breaker and people are often kindly disposed toward you afterwards. I think most people are bisexual because it is considered normal and most people want to be normal. Wasn't it the same in your era:  people behaving in the way that is considered normal?>

<Sounds like you’re making a nurture vs. nature argument and coming down on the side of nurture.>

<The ability to change gender also might have something to do with it. I know that the seven months I spent as a man broadened my perspective. You should try spending some time as a woman. You should also think about experimenting with your orientation, it would greatly expand your social interactions and activities. I know that Jupe would love to get more physical with you.>

<I am finding the whole wife swapping thing sufficiently challenging, thank you. Why don't we just leave things as they are for now.>

<We are couple dating, not wife swapping.>

"Are you awake?" asked Mark.

"Can I just stay holding you for a while?" asked Cloe.

Mark shifted his hold to one hand around her butt and one hand around her back. He flexed his pelvic floor muscles to keep himself stiff. "Yes, for a little while,” said Mark.

“Oh! Keep on doing that. That was nice,” said Cloe.

The tents nearby were filled with board game enthusiasts. One couple was playing Go.  Another couple was playing chess, but most of the games he didn't recognize at all. A boy brought out some drinks to some of the gamers. A look passed between Jupe and the boy and the boy returned with four drinks.

"Thank you," said Mark accepting a mug of hot spicy cider. He brought up the boy's profile.

{block}
{tt}Name: Mitica Cox {br}
Role: Tournament Master.{br}
Age: 76{br}
Gender: Male {br}
Sexually: Bisexual{br}
Marital Status: Married (Open) {br}
Spouse:  Sherman Cox, Hannelore Cox {/tt}
{/block}

“Any friends of Jupe and Cloe are friends of mine. A table's free over there if you want to sit down,” said Mitica. “What is Cloe doing?”

“I think she is in love. You shouldn’t be serving drinks.  You should let the drone do it,” said Jupe.

“The drone’s right rotor bearing is acting up and Michael says he won’t be able to get to it until 3 weeks from now,” said Mitica.

“I will let him know how important your game center is to the camp. Either that or see if one of the other tinkers has any bandwidth,” said Jupe as he took the offered seat.

“Cloe are you going to take your drink?” asked Mark.

“Just turn around and I will pick it up,” replied Cloe. <I’m changing my vote. Of course it doesn’t matter, since you have already won, but since a unanimous decision seems important to you, I’m making it unanimous. You managed to persuade me that bending a few rules once in a while may not be a bad thing, but if it turns out that you and Saffron are up to something sneaky, I will crush you like a bug.>

<Any sneaky things that we are up to should benefit Newstock, so you should not have anything to complain about,> sent Mark. “Are you going to make me carry you around all day?”

“What the matter, you getting tired?” asked Cloe.

“What should we do next?” asked Saffron.

“I feel like more dancing to loud music with a serious beat this time. Do you have something like that?” asked Mark.

“There ’Crowded Island’.  They’re a Raxz Band currently playing at the Pelée Stage, then after we can have lunch at Benny’s,” suggested Jupe as a drone with buzzing rotor and with a wobble brought cakes. Mark could see why you might not to trust it with drinks.

Mark and Saffron sat down to eat their cake. Mark was glad of his upgrade as Cloe was still reluctant to give up her position in his arms and the extra strength and balance came in handy when lowering himself onto the seat. 

The drinks and cakes disappeared quickly and they all sent their thanks to Mitica who waved from across the room.

As they continued toward the Pelée Stage, Mark asked “So, how does the Organizing Committee work. Are you elected? What sort of problems do you usually have to deal with?”

“I wouldn’t worry your pretty little head about it,” said Cloe.

It occurred to Mark for the first time in his life he was part of a persecuted minority. Everyone here thought of Princesses (people between the ages 19 to 38) as self-centered, self-important useless idiots. He had always been on the privileged side of any prejudicial divide before. His 2017 era Melbourne friends would talk about getting ignored by sales people, about having their bags checked, and a thousand and one humiliations inflicted by being on the wrong side of a in-group boundary. He had tut-tut-ed and agreed how terrible it was, but it had never seemed real. After a lifetime of privilege did he have any right to complain? Saffron had told him that the princesses’ reputation for idiocy would come in handy when it inevitably came to light that he did not know things that every child in the 23rd Century should know. Maybe she hadn’t exactly said those words, but he was sure that is what she had meant. Then he realized the reason why Cloe was angry at Saffron and not him and that the reason why both Jupe and Cloe had approached her and not him was that he was an unimportant idiot princess. Maybe Saffron {b}was{/b} more important. Maybe she was the Jedi Master to his Padawan learner. Maybe she was Anakin to his Asoka. But Asoka got respect. He thought Asoka was a bad ass. Mark unhooked Cloe’s arms from his neck, dropped her on the grass, and stalked off.

“Hey, what is the big idea?” complained Cloe.

<Finally! I thought you would never start acting like Darren, instead of behaving like Mark,> exclaimed Saffron.

<No, this is all Mark,> sent Mark.

<It’s more like Darren than you have been behaving so far: the arrogant, self-confident genius. Child of two successful entrepreneurs who died young leaving our poor orphan to survive on his own using his wits when legal action tied up his parents’ fortune for years. That look of contempt, the way you looked down your nose at Cloe as you dumped her on the ground was perfect,> sent Saffron.

<You really get into these cover stories don’t you?> 

<Sometimes it feels like my only creative outlet. Are you going anywhere in particular?> 

“Why is he acting this way?” cried Cloe.

<I have a plan,> sent Mark.

<Isn’t that my line?> asked Saffron. “Maybe because you treated him like he was an airhead princess.”

<This Padawan has learnt from the best, Master.>

<So are you Anakin or maybe Ezra?> asked Saffron.

<I was thinking Asoka.>

<Ooh! Good choice. I can totally see myself as Anakin. So dark, so brooding.>

ÒBut he {b}is{/b} a princess.Ó said Cloe.

<I don’t see you going to the dark side,> sent Mark.

<That’s only because I understand my potential for havoc. I have had a lot of practice channeling my anger and hate towards constructive ends. It has the happy side effect that my enemies suffer a lot more than if I simply killed them.>

<Ooh! Must fear the pacifist.>

<Laugh it up chump. You don’t want me as an enemy,> sent Saffron. ÒYou are acting like the year he was born was the only thing about him that is important.Ó

ÒBut it {b}is{/b} important.Ó

<This girl is giving me a headache,> sent Saffron. “Darren is an accomplished and successful materials scientist who deserves respect.”

<God help us if anyone asks me about my work.>

<You’re a physicist and half the people there don’t know what a proton is. You should be able to fake it.>

<What if we run into a real materials scientist?> asked Mark.

<Then you had better read up on materials science.>

“Where is he? I can’t see him and my queries aren’t showing his location.” asked Cloe.

“You can follow me. Do I look like a woman who is in the habit of losing her husband?” responded Saffron.

Mark soon found what he was looking for, the 23rd Century equivalent of a hackerspace. He had noticed it when they had passed it earlier on in the day. An instructor was teaching beginner makers how to use the machines on a simple project. He asked the instructor if he could borrow some tools and materials. He grabbed an assortment of odds and ends from the component bin. He was familiar with some of the tools and machines from his previous researches.  For the others, it was fairly easy to find tutorials and instructions on his 2299 snapshot of the Mesh. He had just laid out his workbench when Saffron, Jupe, and Cloe entered the Hackerspace tent.

Any fool could download a design and print it out. Constructing something original from found material was different. He already knew that original handcrafted objects were worth far more than printed copies. He loaded a tray full of various colored plastic and metal sheet offcuts and took it over to the monofilament jigsaw. He sliced the plastic and metal into smaller pieces quickly and efficiently, then placed them back on the tray. He took the tray back to his workstation. He placed the shapes onto a transparent nano-fabric that was adhesive on one side. They fit together perfectly. He trimmed the nano-fabric with a laser pen removing the excess.

Before his upgrade Mark had often needed to sketch several lighter lines before drawing the final darker line. His drawings often turned out differently from what he’d imagined. He had incorporated his mistakes into his art making a virtue out of his weakness. Since his body and mind had been upgraded each line was perfect every time with no mistakes.

The mosaic was uneven and too heavy for his purposes as the original materials were of various thicknesses. He carried his tray of materials to the monofilament planar and sliced the shapes to a uniform thickness, then applied nano-fabric to the other side. He then sliced the shapes lengthwise creating mirror images of the shapes. He noticed that Saffron was busy with the printer, but Jupe, Cloe, and the instructor were watching with fascination. He used the beveller and glue gun to shape the bodies and fix the controllers in position. Compact and light SMESDs (Superconductive Magnetic Energy Storage Devices) would provide power. He was about to wire the actuators to the controller when he realized that he had made a mistake. The controllers and actuators were incompatible. Saffron leaned over and kissed him. Discretely passing him some tiny objects. They were adapters, just what he needed. They must have been what she had been printing. He wired up the adapters between the controllers and the actuators, then finished the assembly. 

Three robotic butterflies fluttered on the workbench each with a unique and colorful design on their wings. The adaptive software that Mark had loaded into their controllers was learning how to fly through trial and error.

With a Japanese style bow he presented a butterfly to the instructor with thanks for the materials and tools. The next one he presented to Saffron, with the final one going to Cloe.

“I don’t get one. How sad,” commented Jupe.

“He is upset with me, so he gives me a gift?” asked Cloe.

“With this gift he proves his worth. His status is raised. Yours is lowered,” explained Saffron.

Cloe looked at Saffron with incomprehension. Saffron wondered if she was going to have to explain dropout culture to the Vice Chairman of the Organizing Committee of a dropout camp site. <You know I didn’t think you understood when I explained dropout culture, but you were perfect.>

<I didn’t understand. I have just been operating on instincts.>

<Well your instincts are good.>

“So is John’s status lowered too?” asked Cloe, clearly not getting it.

“John provided the materials and tools, so his status goes up. I’m Darren’s wife so mine goes up too. You have made Darren carry you around, you insulted him and have done nothing to deserve the gift, so your status goes down.” 

“Saffron is quite right you have lost face and status,” agreed Iupputer, down-voting his wife and up-voting John and Darren / Mark.

“Hey! You’re supposed to be on my side.” complained Cloe.

“Just apologize Cloe,” demanded Jupe.

“Alright! I apologize,” shouted Cloe.

Darren bowed to John the instructor and left the tent.

“Where is he going now and why isn’t he talking to me?” asked Cloe.

“I am guessing that he doesn’t think your apology was sincere. Don’t worry, he is too kind for his own good and will probably forgive you long before you really deserve it. As to where he is going, he is heading towards the Pelée Stage,” said Saffron.

They caught up with Darren just as he entered the dance floor. Cloe apologized again and they ended up dancing together. The music was drivey with an insistent rhythm, it reminded Mark a little of metal. Cloe was insistent, pressing herself against him. He couldn't help but respond. Saffron was dancing with Jupe and twin girls who were very friendly. The dancing alternated between erotic play and full blown fucking with Saffron getting slammed from behind while the girls gave her oral attention. The rest of the dance floor was not much different with the dancers being very friendly with each other. ‘Crowded Island’ finished their set and the dancers drifted off the dance floor.

<You seem to be making new friends,> sent Mark.

<You mean the fake twins? Yes, we are meeting them later.>

<Don’t we have enough to handle with Jupe and Cloe?>

<Molly and Holly are Narcs. It took me less than a second to make them and not much longer to trace them back to the agency that is running them,> sent Saffron.

<Why are we getting involved with Narcs?>

<Because they think we are criminals. And they are too stupid to be left to run around on their own.>

<Why do they think we are criminals?> asked Mark.

<Because we are building that giant complex on the edge of the camp. They think it must be for a drug den or an illegal casino or other criminal enterprise.>

<Really! And we can’t be building it for legitimate reasons?>

<Not in their minds,> sent Saffron.

<So what are you going to do?>

<I am going to co-opt them. Make them part of our security forces.>

<Why would they do that?> asked Mark.

<Because their superiors are going to order them to co-operate with us.>

<Because you have penetrated so far into the government Mesh that you completely own it. Why did I bother to ask?>

<We still have a few hours before we meet the twins. What do you want to do?> asked Saffron

<Laser Tag.>

<We can’t use our full abilities. It would be a dead giveaway that we have tarka that is too powerful for this era.>

<You can put governors to limit our strength and speed can’t you?> asked Mark. 

<Alright, but we have our own team of two and we beat the crap out of everybody. Even with the limitations.>

<I thought you didn’t want to gain too much attention.>

<Darren and Saffron have a certain reputation. As long as we act like Darren and Saffron, it gives us its own kind of camouflage.>

They informed Jupe and Cloe of their decision and the other couple ended up joining an opposing team. Just as Saffron predicted they made mincemeat of the other teams.

After the game was over Mark helped Cloe climb a giant metal tree sculpture that Saffron had been using as a sniping platform. Cloe collapsed on a giant metal leaf and started shivering. The upper surface of the leaf was covered with a green spongy plastic that was surprisingly comfortable. Mark tossed her a muesli bar from his bag. She looked pale, she shook and devoured it like she was starving.

<She really must have been pushing herself. Survival Tarkika don’t usually burn though their reserves so quickly,> sent Saffron.

<Now I’m sorry I shot her so many times,> sent Mark.

Jupe pulled himself up onto the metal leaf. “That was amazing. I have never seen anyone play laser tag that way. It was almost as if you had one mind, you were so coordinated.”

“We have had plenty of practice,” answered Saffron.

Saffron threw another muesli bar to Cloe. “How are you Jupe? How are your energy reserves?” asked Saffron. Offering him a muesli bar.

“Cloe needs it more than I do,” said Jupe.

“There are enough,” said Saffron, pressing it into his hand. She snapped another bar in half and tossed it to Mark and they sat down admiring the view of the tent tops as they ate. 

Cloe rolled over to Mark and they cuddled. She had more color in her cheeks and seemed to have partially recovered. “Are you ready to forgive me?” asked Cloe.

“Do you understand why I was angry?” asked Mark.

“Yes, instead of seeing you, I was seeing a stereotype. Can you make love to me?”

“Are you up to it?”

“Just fuck me will you!” Cloe demanded, climbing on top of him, smothering him with kisses.

Saffron and Jupe moved to a neighboring leaf and started making out.

Cloe grabbed his cock and stoked him getting him hard. She aimed him at her entrance and bore down, enveloping him in her wet tight sheath. She rocked her hips backwards and forward grinding her clit against his pubic bone. The friction of her tight slippery passage drove him to distraction. However Cloe was running out of steam. Mark started using his hands to assist her, pulling her on and off his cock. After a while she faltered and collapsed on his chest.

“Cloe don’t be in such a hurry. You’re exhausted we can do this later,” said Mark.

Cloe looked down and to the left. “But I want to make love to you now {b]and{/b} later,” she said sorrowfully.

“Why aren’t you looking at me? Is it because I was angry with you before?” asked Mark.

<You have known her only a few hours and she has 39 years’ worth of problems. You are not going to be able to fix her.> sent Saffron.

<So what? So I do nothing?>

<Just be nice to her. What’s mainly wrong with her is exhaustion, low sugar, and an emotionally stressful morning.>

Mark rolled over with Cloe making sure not to fall off the leaf, getting on top of her. He glazed into her tired sad eyes as she finally gave him eye contact.

“Do you want another muesli bar?” he asked. 

She shook her head, cupped his face in both hands and kissed him. “Make love to me. You’re going to have to do most of the work though. You ran me ragged during laser tag.”

Mark started kissing his way down her body. 

“That feels nice but if you keep on doing it I will fall asleep. I’m pretty tired,” commented Cloe.

Mark shifted upwards, leaned forward and kissed her again. “You seem to always want to get straight to the point.”

“Undoubtedly a character flaw, but humor me this once. You teased me forever when we were dancing and wouldn’t let me come. Then you ran me ragged playing laser tag.” 

“I was annoyed. Maybe I went a little too far.”

“Well you can make it up to me now,” said Cloe running her hands down his back and nuzzling his neck. “Just fuck me now.”

With the help of Cloe’s guiding hand he slid back into her. Cloe wrapped legs around his hips.

She clamped down as he started thrusting with his hips.

<Remember Cloe likes it rough and her safe word is ‘Finch’,> reminded Saffron.

<How do you know?> asked Mark. He looked over to where the thought was coming from and saw that Saffron was busy riding Jupe in the female superior position.

<You might want to scroll down right to the bottom of someone’s public profile, instead of just reading the summary.>

Mark picked up the pace, energetically driving his cock into her. The excitement within him grew with the sensations of friction as his cock moved within her tight wet sheath. Cloe wiggled and squirmed underneath him. Her breath quickened and her face and chest became flushed. She whimpered and he felt a sharp pain as she started biting his chest.

<Ow! Looks like she enjoys inflicting pain as well as experiencing it,> complained Mark.

<Don’t be a wimp.  She is not even breaking your skin,> sent Saffron

<Would you put up with it?>

<She wouldn’t dare do that to me.>

Cloe started trembling and moaning as her orgasm built. Her hips jerked and she held his chest tightly as a keening sound escaped her lips. The extra sensations brought about by her frantic movements pushed Mark past the point of no return and he ejaculated into her, shooting the contents of his balls into her for the second time this morning. He kept slamming into her causing her to cum a second later.

They held other tightly as they recovered.

“Darren, if you are done with Cloe, I could use your cock up my ass,” requested Saffron who was still bouncing on top of Jupe.

“I think Cloe deserves a cuddle,” replied Mark.

“Don’t mind me. I would actually enjoy watching you, Saffron and Jupe together,” offered Cloe.

Mark disentangled himself from Cloe and stepped over to Jupe’s and Saf’s leaf. Watching the way Saffron’s cunt was stretched and pulled as she thrust down on Jupe’s cock excited Mark and he found he was rock hard. Saf was using own finger to penetrate her little rosebud. She withdrew her finger and spread her ass-cheeks. “I need you inside me now, Darren,” she told Mark.

 Mark scooted behind her crouching over Jupe’s legs. He pressed the glans of his cock against her tight sphincter. Pushing forward he broke through the tight ring of the entrance of her bowels. He gently made small thrusting movements working himself deeper into her until his hips were pressed against her incredibly soft buttocks and her sphincter squeezed the base of his cock.

He snuggled against her back encircle his arms around her pulling her closer. He felt as if he was returning home. Even though it had only been a few hours he had missed holding Saffron. He cupped her breasts running his thumbs over her nipples and kissed her neck.

Saffron began to pull herself up and thrust down on Jupe’s and Mark’s cocks impaling herself on them. Mark settled back on Jupe’s legs as Saffron dragged her sphincter across his cock.

“That is so sexy. You two have to do that to me,” remarked Cloe as she rubbed herself.

Saffron keened a high pitched wail as her orgasm surged, crested and then released. She pressed back against Mark’s chest as she shuddered and groaned. They stayed holding each other for some time, until tell tail vibrations indicated some one was climbing the tree.

The metal leaf shifted and groaned as Lynn levered herself up onto it. “It is a good thing I over-engineered this thing. What have you been doing to my poor tree that has it swaying and shaking?”

She leaned down and helped up a small brown girl onto the leaf. “This is my wife Cassie.”

“Hi! Can anyone join this party?” asked Cassie.


