Chapter 7: Soak

{b}Location{/b} : Melbourne, Oceania, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Thursday, 22nd November 2283 CE {br}

Still holding his cock. Ichigo led him to the corner of the huge room. <Can you sense anything?> she asked.

<I think so.>

<Try to pull up the menu and activate the spa,> she suggested.

A section of the glass floor slid open and the water started to froth and bubble.

They both slipped into the water seating themselves on a bench under the water. Ichigo snuggled up to him and rested her head on his shoulder. Mark was used to spas being hot. However this one was almost cold. It made sense considering the problems with tarka and heat. The heat from Ichigo’s body was very welcome as there did not seem to be enough tarka in his body yet to keep it warm. They both enjoy the bubble massaging their bodies.

<Open the windows,> she sent.

Mark concentrated and the windows and ceiling near the corner slid away. A stiff breeze cooled them down further. Mark wrapped this arms around Ichigo and hugged her close.

<You know things have been so hectic that many times I have wanted to ask a questions about a topic but have not been able to find the time,> he sent.

<We have a little time now. Ask away.>

<You mentioned a Mars colony before. Are there other colonies in the Solar system?>

<Aside from Earth, the most populated areas in the Solar System are Luna, Earth orbit, the Earth-Luna Lagrange points, Ceres, Europa and of course Mars. There are outposts and stations throughout the Solar system, however their population is insignificant compared to the areas I mentioned. Earth based polities dominate system politics because the colonies are fragmented. There is not one Luna colony but many. The same was true of the other areas until recently. The unification of Mars into one colony is one of the factors that has changed the dynamics there. Earth can get away with being fragmented because of its greater population and production. Even a small Earth country has more influence and all the Luna colonies taken together,> she replied.

<What about interstellar colonies?>

<Until recently interstellar travel was impractical.>

<Really, what happen to change things?> he asked.

<Someone named Mark Henderson discovered an interstellar drive.>

<You’re talking about the Chowdhury-Shmakov particle?>

<Yes, the time jumper can jump 100 light years just as easily as 100 years,> she stated.

<What about aliens? Extra-terrestrial Life that is.>

<None have been discovered. Do you want some soup?> she sent. 

<Yes, I am starting to feel hungry again.>

<Your appetite going to be increased for a while.> 

Drones brought them both two handle cups of something hot. His seemed to be pumpkin soup. He drained his soup quickly, warming himself with the cup. Ichigo noticed and the water warmed slightly. He returned the cup to the drone who spirited it away. Ichigo had already finished.

<You mentioned a Martian uprising before. What triggered it?> he asked.

<Life on Mars was harsh and unforgiving. It is expensive to travel to Mars and even more expensive to travel from Mars. Until recently Mars as a whole was dependent on imports from Earth and most Martian individuals were dependent on Earth corporations for employment, food and air. The Earth corporations took advantage of the power imbalance to virtually enslave the Martians. To say this caused a lot of resentment would be an understatement, therefore it is unsurprising that when the Martians no longer needed Earth or its corporations, the corps were privatized and their on-Mars property confiscated.> She lectured.

<When you refer to Mars you keep on saying until recently. What happen recently on Mars?>

Ichigo flushed her face and chest turning red and looked sheepish. <A lot of things in the last 5 years have changed on Mars to free Mars from Earth’s domination. One of the most important things is an improvement in the technology that adapts the Martians to their environment. Someone donated some highly experimental tarka to the Martian people. In fact it is the same tarka that is flowing through your veins now. They then designed a series of body templates that could be used by the tarka to make life on Mars a lot more pleasant.>

<Why are you embarrassed? Surely you did a good thing,> he asked.

<One. It’s experimental. If there are long term consequences, it is on my head. The health of an entire planet on my head. Two. This tech is meant to be used only by highly trained experts. I have locked it down so the advanced features can only be used after proper training.  However it is a big ask to require an entire population from the lowliest janitor to the loftiest senator operate it in order to survive. Three. It was not mine to give.  I was one of the engineers that helped develop our tarka, but I did not develop it by myself. There are very good friends that are going to feel deeply betrayed that I gave top secret technology to what they would regard as a foreign government. Four. Only one person knows that I have access to this tech let alone contributed to it. If his involvement came out it could go badly for him and he is a good friend. Five. This is going to destroy my relationship with the only country on Earth does not regard me as a criminal. They are going to want to kill me too now. Six. This is exactly what I have always accused governments of doing; making morally dubious decisions for what they consider is the greater good,> she said.

<Admit it. You would do exactly the same thing if you could do things over.>

<Hummm, You did not see how bad things were before the uprising.  So, yes I would do it all again.>

<None of this is why you are embarrassed. You just don’t like talking about your accomplishments,>  he insisted.

<Yeah, well. I also gave them some automated asteroid mining tech, also not mine to give. We set up some secret trading agreements with some of the other colonies behind Earth’s back. Agreements between the different Mars colonies in order to form a unified government. Anyway a lot of work went into freeing Mars. Earth’s governments believe that their trade embargo will be enough to force Mars back in line. When they realize that is not going to happen – well, let’s hope diplomacy will win though otherwise things could get nasty,> she said.

<Was this what you meant when you talked about saving the Solar System?>

<No. As bad as interplanetary war could be, the Solar System has much worst problems in its future.>


<What could be worse than interplanetary war?> he asked.

<For the last couple of hundred years there has been reoccurring political cycle of increasing regulation, increasing concentration of power in the hands of a few followed by a correction and a period of openness and transparency. The entire cycle generally takes about 70 or 80 years. The last correction was in the 2230’s and was relatively peaceful but the one before that was the Sequestration Wars of the 2150s, 8 billion people died and that’s more than half the population of Earth. The next correction is due in the 2300s or 2310s and I am afraid it is not going to be one of the peaceful ones.>

<Half the population dead. Was it a nuclear war?>

<It was something much worse than nuclear weapons. Your tarka protects you from bacteria and virus but it also defends you from foreign tarka. This was one of the reasons I was happy you accepted the tarka. It protects you. Can you imagine what damage tarka under the control of some else could do to you. That is what sequestration is, using tarka to infect and control another person,> she lectured.

<Yes, but isn’t my tarka under your control?>

<That is just until you learn to control it yourself. And I am your partner, teacher, and lover. I have your best interests at heart.>

<Do really mean that?> he asked.

<Mean what?>

<That you have my best interest at heart. That you consider me to be your lover.>

<What else would you be?> she asked.

<A fling, casual sex partner, or a one night stand.>

<You seem to have fairly low expectations, if me calling you lover makes you happy. I have committed to spending a large amount of time with you for at least the next month while I teach you, which is hardly a one night stand. I like you. We seem to get along. This era must be very different from you are used to yet you take it in your stride. You don’t get that blank look I am used to when I explain things. In fact you seem to keep up your end of the conversation. You don’t try to convert me to your religion in the middle of sex. Why do guys do that? It is a little early to have to have this conversion as we are still in the getting to know each other phase. However I am willing to go with the flow and see where it takes us,> she sent.

<I like you too and getting to know each other sounds go to me.>

<We seem to have drifted off our original topic of doom, gloom, and whole sale destruction of civilization.>

<I am sorry I distracted us,> he apologized.


<Are you interested in a history lesson and an explanation of why I think history is repeating itself? Or you could just read about in on the Mesh if you like.>

<No I am interested.>

<After the Sequestration Wars, sequestration was banned with extreme prejudice. It used to be a on the spot death penalty for individuals and immediate military intervention for any country that practiced it. However now it seems to be making a comeback. People are not as scared of it as they used to be. After all it has been 150 years since the wars. There is evidence that Hejirika is using it to improve miners’ productivity basically enslaving them. Folayan is openly using it to control violent prisoners. It wasn’t that long ago that those sort of infractions would have meant trade embargos or even police actions. And now the North American Coalition is trying to get a bill passed that will allow them to use sequestration against violent sex offenders to prevent them from reoffending. If it is passed, other countries will follow. They are saying that the world was not ready for sequestration technology 150 years ago. That if it is used responsibility, there is no reason that sequestration will have the same consequences that led to disaster in the 22nd Century. They say it’s exactly the same technology that we all use in our tarka only applied differently. They say technology has improved that the sequestered are no longer mindless zombies, but now simply redirected away from undesirable behavior. That you will not be able to tell they have been sequestered,> she sent. <You know they are right, the technology has improved. Last time infected soldiers killed their friends until they were cut down. This time the infected will keep on killing even after they are dead. They won’t stop until they are hacked apart. Last time almost half the Earth’s population survived. This time we will be lucky if anyone survives,> she ranted. <I am sorry. I get worked up when I talk about this.> 

<I can see that. However before you implied that we could stop this. You said we could save everyone. Even with the time jumper, how on earth could we stop a war or prevent legislator’s from passing laws?>

Ichigo gave a smile that lit up her face <I never said it would just be the two us. Don’t be concerned. I have a plan and besides it is far too soon to worry. Remember first my parents, then my friends, and perhaps Mozart, then everyone else. If we both get killed trying to save my parents it is hardly going to matter.>

She leant over and kissed him. The feeling was electric. She shifted to sit on his lap. He felt his cock stiffen in response. He kissed the drops of spa water off her shoulder kissing his way up her neck to just behind her ear.

She grabbed the back of his head kissing him deeply thrusting her tongue into his mouth. Rocking her hips backwards and forwards she rubbed pussy against his cock. He leant down and took one of her nipples into his mouth. He was given a surprise when he started sucking on her nipples when a strong dark chocolate favour filled his mouth. Ichigo grabbed the back of his head again pressing him against her breast and arching her back.

<Oh yes, I thought you would never get around to discovering this particular surprise. You know that is two firsts. The first time I have ever designed and worn a custom body just to please somebody else and the first time I have expressed milk for anyone. That is two more firsts than anyone has had with me for a long time,> she said.

<Don’t tell me you did this because of that remark I made about you probably being able to change how you taste.>

<Pretty much. This entire candy princess body is me taking one of your throw away lines and running with it. When I was young I wanted to design and wear striking bodies. Instead I spent 11 years hiding in forgettable bodies, popular knockoffs mostly. Designing the Martians was a dream come true, a whole planet wearing my designs. But then it was back to being invisible. I after the time jump I decided no more knockoffs. This is a bit of a rush job, not my best work, but still I am fond of it. I might do a couple more of these taste based bodies before moving on to a different theme.> She sent. <We were doing something before we become distracted, weren’t we?> Ichigo leant forward and kissed him.

<Humm! Doesn’t taste bad at all. Perhaps you could try the other one, it feels lonely and neglected,> she sent.


He did not need to be asked twice. He bent forward and sucked the other nipple into his mouth. She moaned then start rocking her hips backwards and forwards. She lifted up off his lap and positioned his cock at the entrance of her cunt. She pressed down taking him inside her. Her hot cunt contrasted sharply with the cold water. She started thrusting up and down as he suckled on her breast. After 3 or 4 thrusts she was able to take more of him then with a powerful thrust he was all the way inside her. She clenched her muscles and her cunt tightened around his cock her grasping pussy milking him as she thrust her hips uncontrollably.  A keening sound escaped Ichigo’s throat her cunt pulsing, tightening rhythmically around his cock. She started trembling and shaking. She screamed as her orgasm rippled through her.


She quickly stood up on the hidden bench and bent forward.
 
<Do me from behind.> She commanded reaching behind to spread her labia.

Climbing on the bench behind her Mark guided himself inside her then started thrusting forward as she pushed back. She reached up to caress his cheek.

<It doesn’t seem fair that you have to make do with only one arm. Let me lend a hand.> she sent. Suddenly the hand touching Mark’s face was his own though it was a very feminine hand and it was attached to an arm that also seemed to belong to him however the arm seemed to be attached to Ichigo’s shoulder. Once again she had proven that she thought nothing of rewiring Mark’s brain. Although as Mark watched the hand respond as he flexed it was good to have two working hands and he probably should not complain. He cupped her breasts with two hand rolled her nipples between his fingers.

Ichigo grabbed his hand and placed it between her legs. He ran his fingers along her pussy and stimulated her clit. She responded by leaning forward and pushing back. Her cunt tight and wet as he thrust it at that angle his cock was pushed hard again the front wall of cunt as he rubbed against it.

<I want you in my ass.> she sent as she tried to spread her ass with one hand. 

Mark withdrew from her pussy and placed his cock the entrance of her ass. His cock was slick with her pussy juices as he slowly pressed inside. He was half-way in when she pushed back violently so that he was buried to the hilt. Her ass was so tight around him that it felt as if his cock was going to be cut in half. He slowly started to pump in and out. She straighten arching her back. 

As he slipped a finger into her cunt waves of contractions tightened around his finger as her ass clamped around his cock pulsating and spasming. As she started to tremble and shake Mark felt the crest of his own climax brake. He shuddered as he shot load after load of jism into her ass. Then a moment later she screamed out her orgasm.

When they had both caught their breath Ichigo sent <let’s go to bed, first the showers thought.>

The windows slid shut then grabbing hold of Marks cock she lead the way to the showers.


