Chapter 22 : Captured{b}Location{/b} : Orange Triangle Franchise, near Eagle City, Meridiani Planum, Mars {br}{b}Era by Mars Calendar {/b} : Sol Solis 15th Kanya MY183 {br}{b}Era by Earth Calendar {/b} : Thursday 16th March 2299CE {br}++++++He came to himself slowly. There was prodding, flashing and buzzing inside his head, and the persistent thought, that there was something he needed to be doing. His mind felt heavy. It was hard to think. He just wanted to stay asleep, but there was a sense of urgency. It had been a while since he had felt this fuzzy. Since his enhancement he had always awoken with boundless energy and laser clarity. At the moment he had no energy and no clarity. He felt a thousand years old, but at least there was no pain. He remembered there had been pain. There were notifications clamoring for his attention. He remembered there had been notifications before, many red warnings but there were less red and more yellow symbols intruding into his awareness. He struggled to make sense of what his tarka was trying to tell him.The survival AI still wanted to talk to him. He was low on power, O{small}2{/small}, water, nutrients, and feedstock. His organic support system was reporting temporary repairs; it was functional but its predicted mean time to failure was in days instead of years. His maintenance diagnostics were recommending replacement. The delicate bio-mech system had not taken kindly to a large caliber projectile tearing through its components. He was only alive because of redundancy and self-sealing components. His maintenance routines were recommending replacing half the bio-mech subsystems in his body. His tarka had repaired most of the damage to his body but the repairs were temporary. His diagnostics were reporting structural damage. There were pages and pages of faults, damages and associated repairs. He had been beaten into scrap. His shiny new body, was now a write off, after only one day. He only remembered being hit once, the rest of the damage must have occurred while he was unconscious. The answer would be in his survival AI, which was still trying to get his attention. He had been captured by the Manties, but what had happened to Var? He was worried about her. Had her team arrived in time to rescue her? He couldn't sense Varija. Since he had become aware that he always knew where Var was, that Var sense had never failed him unless she T-jumped or he was in Virtuality. He had no idea what mechanism his awareness of Varija used or what its range was, those answers were probably buried in the ever growing to-read list of manuals, articles and books that he was always struggling unsuccessfully to keep up with. Var probably hadn't been captured, he decided; he hoped. She had probably either escaped or been killed. Please let it be escaped, he asked the universe.He had been careful not to move or give any sign of wakefulness since regaining consciousness. Varija had told him not to try anything if they were captured, and just wait for their release to be negotiated. However there he was playing possum. Had he already decided to ignore Var's advice? He doubted that the Manties would make it easy for him to escape, but he decided to keep his options open, besides they had discussed what to do if they were captured together, but he wasn't with Var. He was alone.When he shifted his focus outside his body he found he was lying on a firm unmoving surface. The air was Mars standard (unpressurised / less than 1% of Earthﾕs Atmosphere).He activated the passive sensors on his skin. He seemed to be in a storeroom filled with rolls of fabric, boxes of unknown content plus cylinders of nutrients, O{small}2{/small} and other consumables. His left hand was tied to a pipe that ran from floor to ceiling along the wall opposite the door. The walls were sponge, one side purple merging to a dark red on the far side. 'At least I am still in the sponge lands' he thought. The door seemed to be made of fabric with a slit down the middle. There seemed to be a cluster of sensors near the door. The optical sensors in his skin didn't have enough resolution to examine them closely and he wasn't ready to open his eyes.It didn't seem a very secure arrangement. He saw dozens of possibilities with the contents of the store room. He was surrounded by a smorgasbord of mayhem, with force that could be unleashed by puncturing one of O{small}2{/small} cylinders, shock could be delivered using the SMES cells, the fabric could be used to entangle. He started dissolving his bonds, then stopped, neutralizing the acid.The Jeddaks that he met at the Slash game werenﾕt stupid. Mark examined the cuff more closely. There seemed to be a radio frequency signal coming from it. A series of random seeming pulses were being emitted, probably reporting on the integrity of his bonds. Still security precautions seemed a little weak. He could break his bonds and cause a lot of havoc in a short amount of time. On the other hand did he really want to cause trouble? He wasnﾕt up for much of a fight. Blows that he could have shrugged off before could easily kill him in his current condition. He was only a few malfunctions away from death. It could happen at any time. He really needed a new body and soon. He had his tarka begin a full analysis of his bonds. Even if he managed to circumvent the sensors on his cuffs he would still have to deal with the sensor cluster by the door, but he had to start somewhere. One thing at a time.He re-examined the room, searching for further security measures. He noted part of a metal cylinder poking over the top of a stack of boxes. Was that a part of the base tripod of an auto cannon? He decided he had spent too much time with Varija and was getting as paranoid as she was. The piece of metal could be anything. It was probably a good time to talk to his survival AI. Maybe it could tell him where he was.  He brought up the logs for the AI. According to the notations in the log the AI had taken over his body the millisecond he had lost consciousness. There was a video section of the log which he ran in conjunction with the notations. The video started as he was falling down the chimney, in it the AI slammed his feet into the side of the chimney slowing his fall, bouncing from one side of the chimney to the other. There was a log entry of two transmissions. He stopped the video and played the transmissions. <Kiro where are you?> sent Varija.<Non-lethal. Non-lethal weapons, you idiots. We need them alive.> came a broadcast from an unidentified source.That message had come a little late, after he had almost been killed. He restarted the video. The AI flipped his body into a side tunnel and landed perfectly. The sound and vibration of someone following down the chimney came though the sponge floor. The AI spun around and launched Mark at the new threat, pushing the Mantyﾕs gun out of line as he fired. The round sailed past Mark as the AI plunged his nano-blade into the Mantyﾕs chest, depositing lockdown tarka into the Mantyﾕs systems. A tangler round hit the wall of the chimney spreading its sticky gluey web over the sponge. At least someone was listening about the non-lethal rounds. The Manty froze as the lockdown tarka paralyzed its systems. The AI flipped Mark back into the side tunnel as the helpless Manty continued its fall down the chimney. It had taken out the Manty far more quickly and smoothly than Mark could have achieved. Its effortless grace made Mark wonder why he had bothered with the military training that Varija had put him through.The AI ran down the passageway until it reached a fork. The left fork led to another chimney. Take the left fork Mark urged the recording. He had needed to hook back up with Varija and then her team. The AI took the right fork. Mark paused the video. He was starting to realize why survival AIs had such a bad reputation. He skimmed the log. There was almost an hour of running and fighting before he regained consciousness that first time. For most of that time Varija and her team would have been searching for him, if Varﾕs estimated ETA for the extraction team had been accurate. The AI had avoided contact with the Manties and hadnﾕt made an effort to rejoin Var until its supplies were running low. By then it was too late. There had been two brief transmissions from Varﾕs scouting tick missiles, but the ticks' range and fuel were limited and the AI hadnﾕt tried to find them.The door opened and admitted three Manties with Orange Triangle symbols. The leaderﾕs body was decorated with red, gold and white diagonal stripes and numerous downward pointing triangles of various sizes. Her ﾔhairﾕ was a strange mix of thick Manty and thin Areos quills, her mouth was a closed line rather than an open circle, though her wide face and pointed ears were classic Manty the curves were less angular and more curved. Her overall shape was subtly feminine. The Manty on her left was smaller and decorated in blue and black with black Areos style quills. Her body was more curved than her friend. Her face was rounder with a similar mouth and she sported animated features similar to Varijaﾕs. The Manties he had seen had been very minimalistic with their use of chromapores. They expressed little emotion but the blue had an almost in your face challenging expression. She sported an Orange Triangle ear ring and carried a tangler.The Manty on the right was dark red with a single orange triangle on his chest. He was slightly shorter, but far bulkier than the leader. He was a classic Manty without any of the modifications of the others. He was carrying a tase grenade launcher that was pointed right at Markﾕs head.<There is no use in pretending to be unconscious your infra-red profile spiked when you woke up.> sent the lead Manty.{block}{tt}Name: Valarie ﾔValﾕ Branca Barends {br}Career: Princess / CFO of the Orange Triangle franchise {br}Age: 10 (20 Earth Years){br}Gender: Female {br}Sexually: Bisexual {br}Marital Status: Single {/tt}{/block}Mark sat up and stretched, his motion covering the launch of two ticks into the ceiling. The blue girl raised her weapon and both Manties guarding the princess stepped forward.<Please don't make any sudden moves. We let you keep your weapons because we couldn't disarm you without dis-{b}arm{/b}-ing you. But if you make yourself a nuisance we still have that as an option.> sent the princess, animating her features into a serious expression.<Where is Lucia?> Mark asked, animating his features in response.<If you mean Senator Kunasada, she is safely back in Eagle City,> replied the Princess. If Mark hadn't been already sitting down he would have collapsed from relief. He hadn't realized how worried he had been. Belatedly he remembered Varija had blown her cover during the fight with Hugo. There was no disguising her fighting style, even her students, Mark included, never approached her grace. He didnﾕt need to keep pretending that Lucia was just a surveyor, but he wasnﾕt sure what to do about his own cover. He didnﾕt have any other identity prepared except Kiro and that probably wasnﾕt a believable identity to be hanging out with Varija. He probably wouldnﾕt be able to pull off pretending to be an Areos Guard. Using his Darren Steward identity would make him way too valuable as a hostage. Varija would shoot him herself if he even hinted at his real identify.  <What are you planning on doing with me?> he asked.<We are going to keep you as our guest for a little while. It is tiring to be on alert all the time. Will you give your parole?> asked Princess Valarie.He studied his captors. The princess seem anxious, her posture betraying a great deal of tension. The Red Guard seemed angry, moving in short sharp bursts. The blue guard looked alert, almost excited. She had a smile on her face, but her tangler was always pointed directly at him. She also made sure she always had a clear line of fire. When the Red Guard stepped in front of her she reposition herself so as not be blocked. <I promise not to attack you if that is what you mean. I am hardly in any shape to fight a one armed Purist, let alone fight my way through an entire sponge land franchise. Besides I was ordered to sit on my hands and wait for my release to be negotiated if I was captured. Does that satisfy you Princess?> asked Mark.The blue Manty relaxed a little and lower her weapon slightly. Mark noted that the tangler was still pointed directly at his center of mass. The red Manty looked like he was just waiting for an excuse to pull the trigger. The princess did not seem impressed with his declaration.The two scout-configured tick missiles that Mark had shot into the ceiling were transmitting video of a top down perspective of the room. They used modulated infra-red lasers aimed at the side of his body pointing away from the Manties and the Mantiesﾕ sensor cluster. In the thin air the transmission should not be detectable by anyone else. The ticksﾕ cameras showed not one but two auto-cannons perched on top of two separate stacks of boxes. So he hadnﾕt been paranoid after all. One of the auto-cannons seemed to be configured as a tangler judging by the large caliber and short muzzle. The shape of the belt feed suggested that the other was a tase grenade launcher. While both were technically non-lethal, he didnﾕt like the chances of his surviving a hit by another tase grenade in his current state of health or rather his current lack of health.<I noticed you didnﾕt actually promise not to try to escape, Mr. Doyle if that is your name, which I doubt,> she commented. The guardsﾕ weapons were still raised and having their guns pointed at him continuously was making him nervous.<Why have I been shoved in a store room? Doesnﾕt the Orange Triangle Franchise have a jail?> he asked.<Why would we have a jail?><Are you telling me that you have no trouble makers in the sponge lands?><If anybody breaks the rules then spending some time in lockdown usually cures them,> she sent.Mark pinged the two guards but they both had their public profiles turned off. The blue guard smiled at him and winked. Was she flirting with him?<I presume I am not in lockdown, because you want to talk to me.><Youﾕre not in lockdown because we donﾕt have administration rights to give you a lockdown command, and your tarka neutralizes every lockdown or tranq tarka we tried to give you.>A lockdown command, a backdoor into their tarka; that had to be a security vulnerability. He wondered if Varija knew about it. She had helped Manties upgrade their XMEET bodies by incorporating Areos technology into them, she probably knew most of what there was to know about XMEET frames. Then something else that she said registered.<So thatﾕs why my arm has heat damage. I was pretty sure that happened after I was captured,> he mused.<That is quite the violent reaction you have to foreign tarka. The injector was blown all the way across the room. Your body may look like a standard Areos Frame but you are much more Mr. Doyle. What are you?><The latent capabilities of my Areos body were unlocked by the Senator when it became clear we were under threat. Before that authorization was transmitted to my tarka today, my Areos was completely standard.><Mr. Doyle, there is no way that an unvetted civilian would be entrusted with those upgrades,> she accused.<After that little sparring match both your secret upgrades, and the Senatorﾕs secret upgrades were ﾐ well, no longer secret. It wouldnﾕt surprise me if she let herself be maneuvered into that fight in order to find out what surprises you had up your sleeve. The first thing she did after we escaped from the University was to give me a special unlock authorization that activated the nano-blades that she had used in the fight. She said now that people knew about the blades I may as well have use of them in case we run into further trouble. Then she tried to show me how to use them, but I had trouble getting the hang of them. I am no soldier.><You say youﾕre no soldier, but you managed to paralyze a dozen security officers.><That wasnﾕt me. That was my survival AI. Donﾕt you folks know better than to than mess with someone that has gone Zee? I have a better question, donﾕt you folks know better than to use weapons that can turn someone Zee?> he asked.There was something about her body language that betrayed embarrassment. She should be embarrassed, he thought.<What about those super-sized bee-sting missiles that you used?> asked Valerie.<The Senator gave me a second authorization unlock when we ran into the sniffer-bots. She barely had time to tell me how to fire the things before we ran into your troops. I just fired wildly and ran as fast as my legs could carry me.><Yet you hit everyone you shot at. That seems unlikely for a civilian.><They pretty much aim themselves. I believe the Senator called them ticks. We were lucky to get away the first time we ran into your troops. The second time I was knocked unconscious and almost killed before I knew what was happening. Does that sound like a soldier to you?> he asserted.<Senator Kunasada doesnﾕt traipse around the outback with nobodies, Mr. Doyle. Who are you?> <No need to be formal, Princess. You may call me Kiro. I am just a humble surveyor. And I think you are doing the Senator a disservice, the woman is quite down to Mars and unpretentious.><Oh, I doubt that. You are obviously a recent arrival from Earth. The ironic way you say Princess is a dead giveaway. The word has a quite different meaning here on Mars,> she accused.<I think you are reading too much into my irreverent and rascally ways. We surveyor types ainﾕt much for high society.>Valarie became agitated, frustrated and angry. Mark on the other hand was increasingly enjoying himself. He should be afraid, but he felt secure in his status as a hostage. He wanted to seem valuable enough that they would want to trade something for him but not so valuable that they would try to ask for something impossible. <We in the sponge lands arenﾕt savages, despite what you city dwellers believe. You obviously take me for a fool. There is no such person as Kiro Doyle. You are listed in no database. Now, who are you?><I have just transferred in from Schiaparelli City. My details probably havenﾕt propagated though to all the official databases yet,> Mark explained.<Youﾕre not showing up in the Schiaparelli database either.><Thatﾕs not surprising. If you go by the official databases hardly anyone has been born in Schiaparelli in the last 15 years. I trust you donﾕt believe {b}that{/b} malarkey. We Schiaparellians likes our privacy.><You seem to have an answer for everything Mr. Doyle. I donﾕt believe you, but I am done arguing with you.> Valerie turned to walk away.<I need power, O{small}2{/small}, feedstock and nutrients,> insisted Mark. <So you can print missiles and be better supplied for an escape?> she asked, turning back towards him, trembling in fury.<I am one seized pump or burnt out capacitor away from death. One malfunctioning power regulator away from oblivion. If you want me alive I will need enough consumables to finish repairing my systems.><If you repair yourself, you will be tempted to fight.><If I donﾕt repair myself, I will be dead, and I wonﾕt make a very good hostage if Iﾕm a corpse,> Mark announced.<You exaggerate and I have doubts about your value as a hostage.><Your thugs shot me in the brain, then beat the crap out of me until I was little more than broken scraps of metal held together with spit, twisted wire and duct tape.><You have quite the archaic way of speaking Mr. Doyle,> she sent angrily.<You should talk Miss Princess.><Aside from the dozen security officers you yourself disabled. Kunasada and her Areos Guard paralyzed dozens more and then kidnapped more than 30 of our warriors. If you wish for consumables then you could start by giving us the release codes that will free those of our warriors in lockdown.><I donﾕt have those codes. Do you really think the Senator would give them to me?> he asked.<I think you are more than you admit.><You should talk to the Senator. I am sure she will be more sympathetic than you think.><Perhaps she will. In the mean time you can struggle along on the consumables we have already given you. I donﾕt see how you will be any good as a bargaining chip, after all the senator just left you to rot without a backward glance,> sent the princess.For a second Mark accepted this, thinking that Varija could always restore a clone of Mark from her backups and besides how well did they know each other anyway they had only met a few weeks ago?Then he remembered that Varija had sent out ticks configured as scout missiles to try and find him, despite the fact that ticks did not have the range and power to be effective as scouts and, despite the fact she needed those tick missiles to fend off the Manties, especially as she had already been wounded when he had last seen her.And while he had not met her until a few weeks ago, she had known him, or some version of him, all of her life. He was a second or third father to her, and the future father of her son. His pretend marriage to Varija seemed less pretend each day, but what did she feel for him? Whatever else she felt, she regarded him as family, close family. And he knew how she felt about family disappearing or dying. She must be going crazy with worry.<Princess! Val! You need the make sure that Varija knows that I am alive and that I am safe,> Mark broadcasted while climbing to his feet as the princess was just about to exit the storeroom.The red Manty step forward toward Mark. <You show proper respect to her ladyship.> he sent as he swung the stock of his tase grenade launcher at Markﾕs head. Mark started to spin out of the way but was brought up short by the leash. He could snap the leash or he could launch his ticks, but either would probably escalate matters. He grabbed the gun ducked and pulled just as the Manty froze, his joints locking. The Manty toppled into the wall.<I didnﾕt do anything,> Mark announced, crouched underneath the precariously balanced Manty statue.<I know. Naddy step to - Oh, never mind. I see you are already covering Mr. Doyle. Mr. Doyle come out from underneath Mr Gr殤ewald, slowly with your hands pointing up,> instructed Princess Valerie. After they repositioned themselves, Valerie continued <F四ix we donﾕt hit prisoners, it is not acceptable behavior. Also while you were trying to hit him you were not pointing the business end of your gun towards the prisoner. He could have used those needle swords or those super bee-stings on you. Even worse you stepped between Nadja and the prisoner so that she would not have been able to fire on him. When I release your lockdown you will back away from the prisoner, hand me your gun, then go back to your quarters. I will put up with no further problems from you, understood?> asked the princess.F四ix partially collapsed against the wall as his muscles unlocked. He spun around and for a second Mark thought he was going to fire on the princess.<I am not going to leave you alone with that deviant and the Earther.> he objected.<You will do as youﾕre told. Or do I have to lock you down again? Nadja can at least follow orders. Now get out of my sight,> ordered the princess.F四ix shoved his gun into Valerieﾕs hands and stormed out.<Fuck I hate Therns. Why on Mars did you bring that loser?> vented Nadja.<Politics,> explained Val.<Because us Boomerangs canﾕt be trusted without adult supervision?><He was supposed to have security experience. Focus! Naddy. We need to get back to questioning Mr. Doyle, who was about to spill his guts. Werenﾕt you Mr. Doyle?><Does Varija know that I am alive and safe?>Var hadnﾕt responded well on previous occasions when people close to her had disappeared or died. Plus she was already struggling.After she had creatively hacked the very laws of the Universe to get her parents back she was now avoiding them. The quirks and vagaries of time travel had complicated her family life in mind bending ways. Varijaﾕs mother had resolved the cognitive dissonance caused by learning that her lover of 40-some years, Saffron and her 16 year old daughter, Varija, were the same person, by treating her daughter as if she was her lover. Varija wasnﾕt ready for that yet, and only their inescapable foreknowledge of the future suggested that she ever would be.Varija was also feeling extremely guilty about removing Selina from everything and almost everyone she had known. Varija could only stand speaking to Selina for a few minutes at a time. Although it wasnﾕt so much speaking to Selina, as Selina shouting at, and verbally abusing Varija. Mark was grateful that the transformation to Areos bodies and the trip to Mars had postponed further visits to Selina as Varija was depressed and upset for hours afterwards. Mark felt less and less sorry for Selina each time Varija returned devastated from arguing with Selina. From what Varija had let slip of their relationship Mark gained the impression that Selina had been manipulative at best and abusive at worse.Then there was the Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, which Varija was very good at concealing. However the telltale signs were there to Markﾕs enhanced senses. She would not seek treatment for it and had refused to discuss it when Mark had confronted her about it.How would she react to losing him? From her perspective it would be the second time she had lost him, the first time was when the older version of Mark had disappeared in 2286 when she was 14. She would not be patient. She would seek information on his location. First by calling her contacts in the sponge land, then by hacking into the Mantiesﾕ communication systems and audio-visual sensors, what his own time had called CCTV. Next would come social engineering, blackmail and bribery. The last resort would be physical incursion. She would want complete information before boots hit the ground. She would be aggressive, persistent and relentless.<Not officially, but I think my father has probably informed her unofficially.><You think! Probably! We need make sure that no-one does anything rash that they might regret later.>She was tough, she probably wouldnﾕt panic or do anything reckless or stupid. He hoped she wouldnﾕt. He was almost certain that she wouldnﾕt, probably. He definitely was almost sure she wouldnﾕt, definitely maybe.If given the right reassurances she would negotiate, but if the negotiations stalled or he was threatened in any way she would come in hot and heavy. She was going to be very short on patience. <We are not going to do anything rash to you.><I meant we need to make sure that Varija does not do anything irreversible to you that she might regret and you definitely will regret.>Her basic doctrine was heavy on planning, with extensive and exhaustive contingency plans. In the current circumstances those plans would be put together very quickly.The Manties had used the ant-like sniffer bots against them with devastating effect. Varija would be very tempted to return the favor and use the Mantiesﾕ own sniffer bots against them. It was just the way she was. The bots would definitely find him, but might be too noticeable and slow. <The Senator is a pacifist and would rather talk than do anything,> insisted Princess Valerie.<If you think that you donﾕt know her very well,> warned Mark.There were disagreements between the franchises and a noticeable generational fault line with the franchise. It seemed to be the Comeback Kids and Hormads against the Therns and the Veterans, with the Care Nots somewhere in the middle. However in Varijaﾕs current state of mind Mark doubted she would have the patience to make full use of a divide and conquer strategy.<My father and I have known her for years.><Var has treated you with kid gloves because her long term plans include the first and second wave working in peaceful co-operation. She has bent over backwards to ensure that outcome. However your father who she considered a friend has stabbed her in the back and someone who she considers under her protection has been threatened. Very soon you are going to find out why she is called ﾔThe Furyﾕ.>The lockdown command was an almost irresistible potential vulnerability. If she could manage to send out a blanket lockdown command with Tonyﾕs authorization everyone in the franchise except Val and Tony would be a helpless statue. It would have a devastating psychological effect and would be potentially destabilizing, and normally this would be enough to prevent Varija from doing it. However if Mark was threatened would Varija even care that she might destroy Manty society?<Thatﾕs not fair. Do you have any idea what my fatherﾕs friendship with Senator Kunasada has cost him? They are talking about replacing him as Jeddak,> complained the princess.<They canﾕt do that. All the Veterans who had any talent at leadership obtained their own franchise long ago. And they wonﾕt consider one of us as a Jeddak no matter how qualified we are. Orange Triangle will end up Jeddak-less, just like Vermilion Heptagon,> objected Nadja.<They are going to make Stuart Vaz the new Jeddak. I am thinking of going back to a classic frame as a show of support for my father.><You do that Valarie Barends and I will never speak to you again. We have struggled too long to gain the right to control the design of our bodies. You wonﾕt gain support for your father, by betraying the Boomerangs, we are his strongest supporters. As far as Stuart Vaz goes, he makes no secret of what he thinks of the younger generations. I am not giving him lockdown privileges over my chassis, and I am not alone. Orange Triangle will be empty of everyone except a few doddering old men within a few weeks if he takes over.><I am not the person you have to convince. And Naddy you are supposed to be pointing your weapon at Mr. Doyle and looking strong, silent and intimidating. Not engaging in political debates with me,> cautioned Valerie. <Just donﾕt let those bastards win,> insisted Nadja.<Mr. Doyle you paint yourself as an expert on Senator Kunasada. You cannot continue to claim to be just an ordinary surveyor,>Mark stared at the sensor cluster on the wall, just visible over the princessﾕs shoulder. He wondered if Var had hacked into it and was now looking at him through it. Probably not, the sensor cluster likely had a dedicated line to a security station and wasnﾕt even connected to the main station grid that Var could use to access it. Thatﾕs how he would have set it up.<I never claimed to be ordinary, just humble. You need to make sure Varija knows I am safe. I can give you a simple three word code phase that will verify that I am well, it will be valid for an hour.>Varija had contingency plans for almost everything. Stored in his tarkaﾕs memory was a whole library of different recognition signals, encryption schemes and one time pads. There were also dossiers on key people. He started browsing through the material filed under ﾒEagle City - Orange Triangleﾓ. <I am not letting you send some secret message to your handlers,> retorted Valerie.<You need some kind of ﾔproof of lifeﾕ to bring Varija to the bargaining table, otherwise she will just go straight to direct action,> stated Mark.The reading material on Orange Triangle was very comprehensive. Valerie had been appointed CFO last year when the previous CFO had been caught embezzling. Her father had wanted someone he could trust absolutely in the position and had dug in his heels until he got his way. Which explained why someone so young was the CFO of the franchise.<You have yet to prove that youﾕre worth bargaining for,> challenged Valerie.<I was attacked and captured because I was in her company. That is enough to ensure that she will be determined to guarantee my safety. If you know anything about Varija you will know that,> insisted Mark.Varija didnﾕt have any dirt on Valerie. Nadja Cleary was listed as one of Valerieﾕs known associates. Most of her known associates seemed to be Comeback Kids, what Naddy called Boomerangs. Most of them also seemed to be female.<I would need to talk to my father about that,> admitted the princess.F四ix Gr殤ewald was listed as a known associate of Jedwar Herry Farkas, the franchises head of security. Varija had a lot of dirt on both Farkas and Gr殤ewald. They had both been involved in the former CFOﾕs embezzlement scheme, but neither of them had been caught. It was a pity that F四ix wasnﾕt guarding Mark anymore. Mark might have been able to blackmail F四ix into helping him.<If you donﾕt have any power to make decisions then why am I talking to you?> asked Mark.The princess twitched in anger. <My father gave me absolute authority in all matters pertaining to you.> she sent hotly.<I bet the Jedwar loved that,> chuckled Nadja.<Shut up Naddy. Strong and silent, remember,> warned the princess.No wonder she got rid of F四ix so fast, thought Mark. There was obviously some rivalry between the Princess and the Jedwar, and given F四ixﾕs close links with the Jedwar, he was probably spying on her. Then he realized he was being unfair. There were plenty of other reasons to get rid of F四ix. <Then why are you afraid to use that authority?> asked Mark.<If my father passes on information, then it is just an old friend giving another old friend an unofficial heads up, especially if heﾕs sending from just outside the Council of Franchisesﾕ Chamber. But if I pass something along then Iﾕm telling her exactly where you are,> she explained.<Varija wonﾕt regard your father as a friend after Orange Triangle troops attacked us,> he warned.<Father was only there to control the situation, to prevent the others from doing anything stupid,> she sent defensively.<And taking me prisoner. What is your excuse for that?> he asked.<The geriatrics want to use you as a hostage to prevent the city from attacking the sponge lands in order to break the embargo. My father convinced the daft old war-hawks that he could get a better deal out of Senator Kunasada. It was to keep you safe.><The city is not going to attack whether you have me as a hostage or not. Your embargo is going to fizzle. We have a new source of ice. One that is very close to the city,> Mark warned. Earth and Antarctica were only a T-jump away, of course. <Why do you think Varija was returning from the outback in the first place? She was visiting the new ice mine,> he lied. <You expect me to believe this. Why would this be kept secret?> Valerie asked.<Because the Earthers, and by Earthers I mean real Earthers, from Earth, not that disgusting insult you first wavers call us second wavers, they would have tried to take advantage. If they knew about the mine they would have tried to get Mars to shoulder a bigger portion of the rescue package for the outer colonies. The mine has been declared an important planetary strategic resource covered by the official secrets act.> Mark knew he was taking a chance that there could be inconsistencies or contradictions with whatever line Varija was feeding Tony. He was hoping that she could smooth over any inconsistencies by insisting that ﾔKiroﾕ was divulging information that he should not have volunteered. <A strategic resource in a conflict with Earth or with us Martians.><We are all Martians here, princess,> Mark stated.<Donﾕt start on the oldsterﾕs party line, Val. We have all heard the land bought with blood speech before and you know it doesnﾕt go over well with the city folk,> interrupted Nadja.<Naddy! The least you could do is back me up,> objected Valerie.<Itﾕs good that you are loyal to your father, Val, but donﾕt let it rot your brains,> retorted Nadja.<Heﾕs bluffing. He has to be,> Valerie asserted. <What is going to happen when the Council springs its ultimatum and the city switches away from the sponge land to the bubble farms. Bubble farms that for the first time, now have enough water to function at full capacity?> Mark argued.<If that is true, it doesnﾕt matter what we do. You wonﾕt need us.><Varijaﾕs goal is one Mars, with first and second wavers working together. Because of this long term goal she will support your contract with the city unless you break the contract. Unless you make it politically impossible for her to support you.><I donﾕt think the embargo can be stopped. The hawks almost have the numbers. The vote could be called at any time,> sent the princess sounding lost.<They want emergency provisions repealed and the normal provisions of contract re-instated. With the Earth finally signing the agreement for the relief package and the opening of this new mine, that can finally happen. Unless, of course, the sponge lands alienate the city by doing something stupid like breaking the contract.><I have to get this information to my father. There is a communication interdiction around the council chamber, I will need to organize a courier. Naddy, you keep an eye on this joker. I will send T穎ia to back you up.><If I am to stay alive I need to continue to repair my body. To do that I will need consumables,> he sent.The princess grabbed some cylinders from an open box and tossed them one by one to Mark. <There you go. If you are lying to me I will take it out of your hide.><We need to move him to somewhere more secure. One of the unclaimed apartments would do. I donﾕt know what the Jedwar was thinking putting him here. This is ridiculous,> sent Nadja.<I canﾕt think about that now. We will talk about it when I get back.>The princess placed the tase grenade launcher next to Nadja and left the room in a hurry.Nadja turned on her public profile.{block}{tt}Name: Nadja ﾕNaddyﾕ Karo Cleary {br}Career: Engineer {br}Age: 20 (38 Earth Years){br}Gender: Female {br}Sexually: Bisexual {br}Marital Status: Single {/tt}{/block}Nadja smiled a large cartoon smile. <What ever shall we do while we are waiting?> she asked.