Chapter 18 : Explanations

{b}Location{/b} : Columbia Mountains, Unclaimed Territories, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Wednesday, 9th March 2163CE {br}

<How long have you known about this?> Mark asked as they sat on a brightly colored blue couch while Var’s parents sat on a green one opposite.

<Well there was always a certain resemblance, the way you scratch behind the ear when you are getting tense, the way you cock your head when you are annoyed, the way you get calm and ultra-focused on details when other people would panic and people have always told me how similar I am to Auntie Saffron. I became good at mimicry as a way of being different from her. When I found out neither of them existed before 2246 it sort of sealed the deal.>

<And you didn’t think that you should have explained that I was your uncle before this?>

<We are not blood related. Darren, Saffron, Anne, Corny, Mum and Dad just lived together for about 38 years.>

<That’s just great. So you and I are predestined to get involved with your parents?>

<Could we talk about this later? They are waiting for you to explain to them why we kidnapped them.>


<This was why you waited until now to tell me. So that I couldn’t call you on it. And why I do have to explain this mess to them?>


<Because they don’t trust me.>


<Oh I wonder why?>


<Darren, they are getting impatient.>


<I am Mark. You were the one who decided I was going to be Darren.>


<The alternatives to you being Darren could be very bad. We can argue about this later. We have two frightened and bewildered people who also happen to be my parents. As a favor to me could we just reassure them.>

 
“Could you finish your argument later? And just explain what is going on?” asked Mary Jane.


Mark was reminded of Cloe and Jupe and how observers did not need to hear the content of the conversation to know that a couple was arguing. Although, as always, Var’s poker face wasn’t giving up much. Pity he could not say the same about himself.


“You were in danger. If we had not removed you from your, uhm, the house you would have been killed. A petrol tanker crashed through the house and exploded.”


“But that’s impossible. Tankers don’t just crash into houses. Their LIDAR won’t allow that.”

“Love,” said Roger pointing to Mary Jane's damaged arm and raised an eyebrow. “You and Var {b}do{/b} look as if you caught the edge of some kind of explosion.”

Mark sent both of them the feed of the visuals in his enhanced short term memory storage showing the tanker hitting the house and exploding.

“That’s got to be faked,” exclaimed Mary Jane.

“I don’t think so,” said Roger.

“That still doesn’t excuse knocking us out and transporting us to the middle of nowhere. Where are we by the way?” asked Mary Jane.

“We weren’t knocked out. At I least I wasn’t. Check your logs. We were teleported,” said Roger.

“But that’s impossible,” objected Mary Jane.

“You keep using that word,” began Mark.

“But I don’t think it means what you think it means,” completed Roger.

“If you are quite finished quoting Darren’s favorite screener?” asked Mary Jane.

“I wouldn’t call it my favorite,” objected Mark.

“Oh, please you made us watch it enough times,” complained Mary Jane. “And the quote is to do with someone overusing the word ‘inconceivable’ not the word ‘impossible’.”

“Still, if an event has happened,” began Mark.

“By definition it cannot be impossible,” finished Roger.

A chill passed though Mark as Roger completed one of his sentences for the second time in as many minutes. Roger knew him far better than Mark knew Roger. <Oh, crap. I really have spent 40 years with these people. Or I will spend 40 years with them. Yeah, English doesn’t have enough tenses to deal with time travel,> Mark sent to Var. A sense of claustrophobia tightened around Mark as he contemplated a future with the next 40 years set in stone.

<That’s one of the best case scenarios. Darren you need to focus. They trust you. You need to talk them around to agreeing with the plan.>

Mark looked at Var as if for the first time. Var also knew Mark far better than Mark knew her. They were from two different cultures separated by 300 years but there was relatively little misunderstandings and they were comfortable with each other. It wasn’t just the excitement of a new love affair. They were relaxed around each other. Var trusted him. She was paranoid, she didn’t trust anyone. Cassie said they moved as if they had been together for decades. He thought that was because of the training Var had given him, but it was more than that.

<What!? You are only just now freaking out? I have been freaking out for the last couple of days. Stop looking at me in that weird way and focus.> sent Var.

Mark mentally reviewed the last few minutes of conversation and tried to get back on track. “The crash wasn’t an accident. Remember the series of damaging leaks about the Palmer government over the last few weeks from a source the media is calling Tinderbox.”

“Var is Tinderbox, isn’t she?” asked Roger.

“That’s impossible, she is only 16. She has only just finished her first degree.> objected Mary Jane.

“Most people are still in High School at 16, not starting their doctorate. Everyone thinks that Tinderbox is an inside source, but you hacked into their comms didn’t you?” asked Roger.

“Well it involved a lot of social engineering and once I had dirt on a few people it wasn’t hard to get them to roll over on others,” said Var. Realizing that they weren’t interested in the details she finished lamely with - “Yeah pretty much.”

“Saffron taught you how to do this didn’t she? I always knew that all that crazy stuff she was teaching you would get you into trouble,” said Mary Jane.

“Shut up, Mother. It is all my fault from start to finish, if you must have someone to blame, blame me. But finger pointing won’t fix the mess we are in.”

“Well I never! As long -“ began Mary Jane.

“As long as I am living in your house. Was that what you were going to say? There is {b}no{/b} house. It blew up. You are in my house now and you can follow my rules for a change,” shouted Var.

“It’s a tent, dear. And we are not living in it, we are just in from the wind. Are you sure you are feeling alright?” asked Mary Jane showing concern.

“This is a trying time for everyone and you’re not helping.” complained Var.

“Teenagers! Always thinking it is the end of the world. Don’t worry whatever it is, we’ll sort it out in no time.” stated Mary Jane.

“Someone tried to kill Varija. You were nearly killed as collateral damage and your home {b}was{/b} destroyed. You are officially dead and legally non persons,” Mark said quickly before Var could explode again.

“It was your home too, Dear. Where are Anne and Corny? How are Luke and Channy? We both miss you all terribly,” said Mary Jane.

“You didn’t ask about Saffron,” said Mark.

“I miss Saffron too. Last time we talked I think we both said some things we should not have, but I still love her. Where did you go? I never understood why you had to leave.” asked Mary Jane.

“That part of the story will have to wait. There is much we have to explain before you could hope to understand our answers,” said Var.

“As to us being dead, we will explain things to the authorities and soon fix that,” said Mary Jane.

“No. You can’t. You are still in great danger. You are safest if everyone thinks you’re dead,” said Var.

“Why would anyone want to hurt us? Who is it that you’re afraid of? The Palmer government? That bunch of twits couldn’t organize a county raffle. I’m surprised they had the balls to try to kill you, but I’m not surprised they botched the job,” said Mary Jane.


“People would use you to get to me. As to who? There is rather a long list. I have offended a lot of people over the years,” said Var.

“And when were you acquiring this multitude of nemeses? In between your university classes?” asked Mary Jane.

“I think that is another part of the story that is going to have to wait until you get more background information,” said Var.

<Var, don’t take this wrong. Your parents seem be nice enough, but I am not sure I want to spend the next 40 years with them,> sent Mark.

<How do you think I feel about it? It is not my idea of a good time,> sent Var in frustration.

<But you chose to adopt Darren and Saffron as aliases. We didn’t have to become them.> 

<Yes, we did. Can we shelve this until later?>

“So what {b}can{/b} you tell us? What is this mysterious background information, we must understand before you can tell us anything?> asked Mary Jane.

“You could start with our rescue. We were at home and then we were up on this mountain. I am pretty sure we don’t have anything this height in Oceania. We have come a long way instantaneously. There is only one way I know of to teleport someone from one place to another and that requires a Chowdhury Shmakov particle,” said Roger.

“Since when do you know anything about particles and teleporting and all that sciency stuff? You’re a historian,” asked Mary Jane.

“Zamil Chowdhury and Kristine Shmakov have both been dead for 150 years so I think they count as history. Besides I have other reasons for being interested in their work,” said Roger.

“Yes, we have a C-S particle.  That is how we rescued you. Darren discovered one,” said Var.

“If you knew they were going to blow up the house why didn’t you just stop the tanker? Surely it would have been easier than kidnapping us using super science,” asked Mary Jane.

“Because we needed everyone to think you are dead,” stated Varija.

“Why? Because you outed some politician’s dirty little secrets?” asked Mary Jane.

“It might be because I broke some very inconvenient to the status quo people out of prison,” said Var.

“When did you do that? Oh, don’t tell me! Now is not the time to explain it because we are too dumb to understand the explanation,” said Mary Jane with some annoyance.

“How long has it been?” asked Roger.

“It has been a while. It’s well into the second decade since I have seen you both,” said Var.

<Really! Eleven years is well into the second decade,> sent Mark.

<Give me a break. I need as much of an advantage as I can muster. If I told my mother I was 50 she would tell me that a 50 year old is just a child and that a girl needs her mother,>  sent Var.

“What are you talking about?” said Mary Jane.

“Time travel. Chowdhury and Shmakov figured out how to travel in time. All you need is a C-S particle. Scientists have been trying to create one for 150 years. That is Nobel Prize winning research, Darren. How did you manage it?” asked Roger.

“I discovered one in nature. It was an accident really,” said Mark.

“Time Travel! It would certain have a stabilizing effect on the stock market. It would make Intellectual Property laws very problematic,” said Mary Jane.

“Stop thinking like an economist, mother. The military and criminal applications are horrifying. An army with this would be unstoppable. We need to make money obsolete. We need to move to a post-scarcity society, otherwise, when this technology gets out, the past will be looted for its treasures,” said Var.

“I am an economist and moving to post-scarcity is harder to achieve than you might think. We thought we had the problem solved in the 40’s but it eluded our grasp,” said Mary Jane.

“Children are the scarce resource of this age and the Population Control Council has the monopoly,” said Var.

“That is all very visionary and high-concept, but what will we be doing while you are off saving the solar system?” asked Mary Jane.

“We have set up a base in Newstock in 2246. We can give you new identities, and an apartment. You will be safe there. None of my enemies will be able to reach you there,” said Varija. She grabbed two drink containers from a storage unit and tossed one to each of her parents. “These will upgrade your Tarka to something a couple of decades more advanced than the 2288 era Jet Tarka that you are running.”

Roger unsealed his drink and downed it with no hesitation. Mary Jane eyed hers with suspicion then sipped it cautiously. “Ugh, Tarka supplements. Yuck,” complained Mary Jane.

“They will help the new Tarka colonize your body. Someone suggested using Aniseed to disguise the flavor,” said Varija.

“Oh, please no. I can’t stand Aniseed,” said Mary Jane.

“That’s why I didn’t put any in yours.”

“The Aniseed did help a little,” said Roger. “If we have to be Shanghaied, being trapped in 40’s Newstock won’t be too bad. We enjoyed it a great deal when we there the last time. That’s where we met Darren, Anne and Corny.”

“You can say Saffron’s name, dear. I am not going to explode. And I don’t see why we should agree to all this,” said Mary Jane.

“Perhaps the answer lies in the 2298 snapshot of the Mesh that has just been made available to us,” said Roger.

“You are got that already?” asked Varija sounding surprised.

“Our little Varija has been very busy. Why does the data stop at 31st December 2298?” asked Roger.

“Because I need to protect Darren. Gaining control of the first time traveler would be a highly desirable asset. It might allow someone to influence how time travel is used by his successors. So, no talking about where Darren came from or how we met. And as far as anyone outside the family is concerned he is just an ordinary Materials Scientist,” urged Varija.

“Such drama. Vargy, not every issue will cause the end of the world,” complained Mary Jane. “Oh, you have been busy. Some sort of super ninja cybercriminal, and worse you became a politician! Oh Vargy, how could you?”

“We all know that the only thing your mother hates more than a politician is a soldier. Isn’t that right General Kunasada?” said Roger laughing.

“General!” exclaimed Mary Jane.  “This is all Saffron’s fault.”

“I’m only a Mars senator and a Mars general. It’s not as if I am a real politician or soldier,” explained Varija.

“I must disagree,” said Roger. “You have gotten in on the ground floor of a truly pivotal moment in history.”

“Roger! this is no laughing matter,” huffed Mary Jane. “All you seem to care about is whether your name will go down in the history book as the father of the great liberator of Mars.”

“I didn’t liberate Mars. It was more of a group effort,” said Varija quietly.

“Our daughter exposed corruption, freed political prisoners and overturned an oppressive regime,” stated Roger. “I don’t see what you are complaining about.”

“She was supposed to be a medical researcher. She was supposed to make people’s lives better,” complained Mary Jane.

“She is. You know that the Population Control Council discourages any research that might lengthen lives,” said Roger. “She would have quickly found herself embroiled in political issues anyway.”

“What pointless idiocy. Talking about both shutting the door after the BMELF racer has bolted. The death rate just keeps going down despite their efforts to interfere with the research process. Besides, she was going into mental health.” 

“In which case she would have ran into the Anti-Sequestration laws. An even bigger political hot potato.”

“If you two have quite finished passing judgment on my life, can we get back to the matter at hand?” asked Varija.

“And what is that?” asked Mary Jane.

“Relocating you to Newstock!”

“We haven’t agreed to that.”

“Darling. Where else are we going to go?” asked Roger. “Be reasonable.”

“I suppose we could try it for a little while. Last time we came too late for the festival. Two years too late. At least we will get to see it this time,” said Mary Jane. “But what about Nana, Popa, Uncle Boris, Auntie Wilma and the cousins?”

“They will be joining us after the funeral,” said Varija.

“Whose funeral?”

“Yours and dad’s funeral.”

“Oh.”

“There are the identities that you will be using in Newstock,” said Varija sending data packets to both her parents.


“There must be some mistake. This is Anne’s identity,” said Mary Jane.


“No mistake,” said Varija.


“You want me to pretend to be Anne.”


“You {b}are{/b} Anne. You always have been,” said Roger. 

Mary Jane snapped her head towards her husband her eyes narrowing in suspicion. “You have been sitting here quietly this whole time, saying nothing. None of this is a surprise is it? How long have you known about this?”


“I didn’t know.”


“You suspected, then, and you said nothing to me. How long?”


“How could you not suspect? They always knew what was going to happen before it happened. They were so like us,” said Roger.


“They have good predictive models,” said Mary Jane.


“Oh please!”


“They have completely different mannerisms.”


“Which disappear whenever they become distracted or their Tarka overheats,” said Roger.


“Lovers often become similar after years together.”


“They were similar from the start.”


<I can see were you get your tendency to keep secrets from,> sent Mark to Varija.


<We had better go. They are about to enter stage two of their conflict resolution process,> Varija sent back.

 
“You had no right to keep this from me, you bastard.” yelled Mary Jane.


“Language!” objected Roger.


“Oh, fuck right speech and fuck you,” screamed Mary Jane attempting to throttle Roger.


<Quickly, before they reach stage three,> sent Varija dragging Mark out of the tent.


<Are you sure we shouldn’t help? I think your mother may have broken your father’s jaw,> sent Mark glancing back at the tussle on the sofa.


<I have no desire to start that phase of our relationship with my parents just yet. Besides they are both high-level Tarkika. They can’t hurt each other. It would take a high caliber bullet through the brain to do more than mildly inconvenience them.> 


<Or an exploding petrol tanker?>


<Not funny, Darren,> sent Varija. Behind them the grunts and yells turned into moans of a different kind. “And we have stage three.”


“You won’t get around me that way,” said Mary Jane from inside the tent.


“Yes he will,” muttered Varija. “He always does.”


“If this embarrasses you this much, why did you put us both in this position?” asked Mark.


“Because I couldn’t figure a way out of it,” announced Varija. “It is all my mother’s fault. I know it.”


“That is certainly symmetrical, as she blames you, or Saffron which is the same thing. Why is it her fault?”


“She blames Selina too. Says she is a bad influence,” Varija sighed. “I just know it is my mother’s fault because she screws everything that sits still long enough.”


“So that’s where you get that from,” said Mark.


“Not,” said Varija. “Funny.” 

“What was that about doing away with money and population control? I thought you were focused on stopping the next Sequestration War?” 

“If anyone can come up with an economy that works with time travel it is my mother. She is not dumb. She just likes pretending she is.”
She closed her eyes and breathed out. “I have to go.”


“To pick up Selina?”  asked Mark. “Take me too.”


Varija disappeared, reappearing with 10 drones and assorted weapons. “We travel light. Take the Himura, the drone with the Paredes Tranq and a thermal blanket.”


++++++

{b}Location{/b} : Melbourne, Oceania, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Saturday, 18th February 2288CE {br}

Mark waited on top of an old historic two-storey building. He watched as Varija waited in a null area not covered by CCTV. When Selina staggered down the lane, probably drunk, Var beckoned to her. When Selina reached Var, they both disappeared. 

An instant later Varija appeared next to Mark. An instant after that they were gone.



++++++

{b}Location{/b} : Columbia Mountains, Unclaimed Territories, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Wednesday, 9th March 2163CE {br}

Mark covered his eyes against the bright glare of the snow covered mountain. “Where is Selina?”

“A year from now. There was no way I was keeping her and my mother in the same era. They hate each other. And I don’t need two people competing to see who can boss me around,” said Varija.

“How did it go?”

“How do you think it went? She told me I couldn’t do this. That she hated me. That she would kill me. It was a nightmare. I had to tranq her. Then because her Tarka wasn’t good enough to keep her from freezing to death I had to give her the Lotus Tarka. After the Tarka took, I put her in the simulator.”

“You did what you had to do,” said Mark.

“Did I? Unlike my parents, there was no obvious threat to her.” Var sighed. “I have to do something about her family. I can’t leave them in limbo. I have to let them know she is okay.”

“So, what now?”

“My parents sound like they are still at stage three. Why don’t we get some skiing in?”


++++++

Mark and Var were in the middle of their usual post ski run celebrations when a tall, fair-haired teen slid next to them, showering them with powder.


{block}
{tt}Name: Cornelius Ewald Cuevas {br}
Career: Ex. Senior Lecturer (Literature){br}
Age: 69{br}
Gender: Male{br}
Sexually: Bisexual{br}
Marital Status: Married (Open) {br} Spouse: Annette Keanna Cuevas{/tt}
{/block}


“Dad! Some privacy please,” complained Varija.


“It is not as if I haven’t seen you two at it before.”

“That wasn’t us.”

“If I understand things correctly, it will be. When are you going to tell your mother that you are Saffron?” asked Corny. “Or rather, when are you going to tell her that her daughter Varija and her lover Saffron are the same person?”


Varija covered her eyes. “How did it happen?” she asked.


“You were at the water park with a pretty girl named Lynn. Darren was taking care of her wife Cassie in a rather enthusiastic manner. Your mother decided she wanted to join in. It was hard for you to say no, without explaining, well, things you didn’t want to explain. I ended up helping Darren out with the lovely Cassie to the mutual enjoyment of all. After that it got very difficult to say no to her. We were very close to Anne and Corny and we knew that you were too. We completely misinterpreted your relationship with Anne and Corny,” explained Var’s father.

“I thought it was something like that,” said Varija. “Well, since you have ruined the mood for me, I will take you both back up the mountain so we can have another run. Where is mother?”

“Sulking,” explained Corny.

“You changed very quickly,” said Varija.

“Soon after I drank your booster mixture, I received a system message saying my Tarka was now unlocked. Apparently I already had Lotus Tarka. Saffron must have given it to me years ago.”

They reappeared at the top of the mountain. Nearby a dusky brown haired teenage girl with a discontented expression was dragging a pair of skis to the slope.


{block}
{tt}Name:  Annette Keanna Cuevas {br}
Career: Ex. Associate Professor (Sociology){br}
Age: 66{br}
Gender: Female{br}
Sexually: Bisexual{br}
Marital Status: Married (Open) {br}Spouse: Cornelius Ewald Cuevas{/tt}
{/block}

Corny rushed over to her. He grabbed her hand and looked into her eyes. Anne became pale with shock and sat down rather suddenly. 

“Are you okay?” asked Mark.
 
“I guess one must expect such things when one is time traveling. I am told such things are traditional. Killing your grandfather and marrying your mother, things like that.”

“You don’t seem okay,” said Mark.

“I just need a little time to get used to it,” Anne said. “It’s not as if I can blame anyone but myself.”

Anne struggled to her feet. She placed her feet on the skis and let the binding wrap around her legs. “A little powder under my heels will do me wonders.” She then pushed off down the quadruple black diamond ski run.

Anne and Corny, it turned out, were as fond of post ski run sex as Mark and Var were, and they were not shy about indulging. Soon Varija became semi-reconciled to their exhibitionism, enough to start indulging in some stress relief of her own with Darren. Just as she was getting to the best part she realized the hand massaging her breast and tweaking her nipple was her mother’s. “Mother!”

They were leaning against the same tree. Corny and Darren thrusting into them in unison. “It not as if I haven’t done it before with you,” said Anne.

“Not this version of me you haven’t,” complained Var.

“Spoil-sport.”

Later when they all grabbed Var to jump to the top of the mountain, there was another squeal and a shout of “Mother!”

They all appeared on the top of the mountains. “Mum, Dad you go on ahead.”

“You need to stop calling us Mum and Dad. That won’t do in Newstock,” warned Anne.

“I know, Anne,” replied Varija.

As they disappeared she forced Mark to ground, climbed on top of him and rode him to shuddering completion. As she lay gasping on top of Mark she muttered, “That woman will be the death of me.”

“You are the one who brought her back from the dead,” replied Mark.

“Don’t remind me.” She buried her head in Mark’s hair. “I expected yelling. I expected recriminations. I expected that she would have a hard time accepting I was not a child. I didn’t expect this. Sometimes when she looks at me, its like she is seeing someone else.”

“She is probably seeing two people. Three if you count Mage Fury. She is probably trying to figure out how all the different parts of you fit together.”

“How could you know that?” she asked.

“You could always ask her.” he replied. She was very quiet after that. “What are you thinking?” he asked.

“I am trying to decide what would be worse. Having one of those talks with her or not having one of those talks with her?”

After the last run they returned the skis to the equipment tent and Var showed her parents the snow trenches that formed a part of the simulator.

“Darren and I have to go into the simulator for some deep body modifications. You can join us. If you do, you can come out of the simulation during the day and do some skiing if you want,” announced Varija.

“I understand why {b]you{/b} need to. You need to get rid of those wings. But why Darren?” asked Corny.


“Before we go back to Newstock, Darren and I are taking a short side trip to Mars,” explained Varija.

