Chapter 16 : Welcome Party

{b}Location{/b} : Newstock, Montana, North American Coalition, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Tuesday, 14th April 2246CE {br}

“I have sketched some preliminary ideas for your semi-permanent compound. I was really impressed by the open content made available by your organization.” said Lynn stepping over to where Jupe, Saffron and Mark where.

Saffron made no move to disentangle herself from Jupe and Mark. The way she wiggled her bum and leaned back against him while caressing his thigh told Mark that she wanted him to stay where he was, buried deep in her bowels.

Cassie clambered over to where Cloe was lying down on a separate leaf.

"And you had to talk to me right this minute?" asked Saffron her voice mellow and relaxed. “Was that the only reason you dropped by?” 

“There may have been other reasons,” replied Lynn with a blush that went half way down her chest. She sat down, her legs dangling over the side of the leaf, watching Saffron out of the corner of her eye. On the neighboring leaf Cassie started getting very friendly with Cloe, kissing her and reaching down between her legs.

Lynn passed out links to a shared workspace where they examined the ideas. Saffron indicated the most ambitious and radical of the ideas as her favorite.  “This is the best design of the lot. Could push the limits a little further though. It is a little staid."

"Most organizations prefer staid." Lynn leaned in closer to Saffron. “You smell wonderful, you really do smell just like your name.” Cloe started moaning and showing her appreciation of Cassie’s efforts. Watching Cassie eating out his wife, Jupe started to get hard again. Mark hadn’t actually gotten soft, however he twitched in appreciation at the show.

“Thank you, the scent is of my own design. As to our compound as you called it, we are not most organizations and this isn't your average town.” Saffron caressed Lynn’s cheek.

"Do you really think that people are going to stay after the concert?" Lynn asked as she leaned in to kiss Saffron.

<Aren't you?> asked Saffron as she kissed Lynn with passion. Mark felt her bowels tighten around his cock as she trembled with excitement, her back passage tight and slick with his previous deposit of cum. The little jerks and thrusts that Saffron made as she became more aroused were driving him crazing. He went to cup Saffron’s breasts but found Lynn’s hands already there.

“Cloe and I will be staying,” volunteered Iupputer. Between the sight of Lynn and Saffron making out above him and the sight of Cloe arching her back and screaming as Cassie’s hand forced its way into her cunt as Cassie sucked at her clit, Jupe was hard again and was beginning to try to thrust up into Saffron. 

<Cassie has a successful business back in Boston. I had to twist her arm to get her come for a few weeks. So as much as I would like to stay it’s probably not going to happen,> sent Lynn. She straddled Jupe's face. <Jupe would you be a dear… ?> Jupe did not need a second invitation. He grabbed Lynn's arse and spread her cheeks before attacking her pussy lips with his mouth and tongue. She moaned into Saffron’s mouth. <Yes, Jupe. Keep on doing that.>

Saffron started kissing Lynn’s neck and breasts. She started levering herself up and thrusting her hips back impaling herself onto Jupe and Mark.

As Lynn’s piercing bright blue eyes found his, Mark noticed they were the exact same shade as her hair. She leaned forward and grabbed the back of Mark’s neck and pulled him close for a deep kiss. <Thank you,> she sent.

<For what?> he asked.

<For letting us crash your party.> Lynn rested her forehead against his. A high pitched  keening sound emerged from her throat. Her body trembled with built up tension, her breathing was ragged and irregular, her face and chest blushing red with arousal. She kissed Mark on the cheek then leaned back to raise Saffron’s face to hers. When she kissed Saffron it was with a fiery passion and need as if hungering to consume Saffron to the last skerrick. Mark lifted himself off Jupe’s legs and drove himself deep into Saffron's tight slick back passage as she pushed back down onto him and Jupe. Mark’s body started to tingle as the sensation of Saffron’s arse gripping and massaging him plus the visual stimulation of Saffron and Lynn making out pushed him close to the point of no return. Lynn reach it first, though, screaming out her orgasm.

<Thanks Jupe. I can always rely on you,> sent Lynn as her orgasm subsided.

<No worries. You might owe me a drink, though. You almost dislocated my nose,> replied Jupe.

<Neo-absinthe! Next time we are at Francisco’s. Promise!>

Lynn scooted down to Jupe’s chest and lifted up to embrace Saffron.

Lynn pushed Saffron more upright. Forcing Mark’s cock against the front wall of Saffron’s back passage and stretching her sphincter.

Seeing Lynn’s head resting on Saffron’s shoulder in front of him Mark leaned in to give her a kiss.

<Send me your body stream. I would love to feel your cock in Saffron’s arse.> Saffron did something and information started flowing from Mark’s tarka to Lynn’s.

Lynn moaned and shook. Her breath came in gasps. <Oh, that feels wonderful,> Lynn sent.

<What did you do?> Mark sent privately to Saffron.

<Lynn is now feeling what you are feeling,> replied Saffron.

<Shouldn’t you ask me first before you do that?>

<Don’t be mean. It’s the least you can do.>

Mark tried to refocus on what he was doing. With all the distractions he had retreated from the edge.

He marveled that he was kissing one girl while his cock was buried deep in another. He reached in-between Lynn and Saffron and found that Lynn was rubbing her breast against Saffron’s. He played with their four breasts, tweaking four nipples. The tension built and Mark was well on the way to the point of no return when Lynn beat him to the punch again, her lips went slack, and she screwed up her face and ducked her chin, squeezing Saffron tight, holding her breath, her face turning reddish purple and screamed out her second orgasm.

Mark had to shift his hands to Saffron's sides to avoid having them pinned between Lynn and Saffron.  

Someone cupped his balls which were wet from the cum dribbling out of Saffron’s arse. They massaged them gently then worked a wet finger into his arse, curling it to massage his prostate.

The extra stimulation sent him rocketing back towards the point of no return. A link appeared in his awareness and when his attention flicked towards it expanded flooding his consciousness with foreign sensations from Lynn.

Her skin felt afire where she touched Saffron and a tingling excitement spread from where they were joined. The dry musky scent of Saffron's flesh evoked desire deep within her. Saffron's incredibly strong arms lifted, supported and protected her. Saffron's hands opened her, exposed her, left her vulnerable. Saffron's fingers teased her, explored her, probed her, invaded her, laid her bare. 

The jolt and motion of Saffron thrust back onto  and impaling herself on her other lovers helped Saffrons hands spread Lynn, stretching her. Her weight was completely supported by the larger girl’s cupped hands lifting and parting her cheeks. The shock of Saffron's rhythmic motion traveled though her body.

A flood of sensation, of arousal and sexual energy poured over her link with Darren complementing perfectly what she was feeling through her own body. She surrounded Saffron front and back, enfolding her, enveloping her, touching Saffron everywhere. She penetrated her, possessed her, pushing herself deep within her or Darren did, the distinction blurred while Saffron possessed her, her clever fingers penetrating her innermost secrets. It was glorious, better than she had imagined. Scraps and tatters of her previous orgasm vibrated along her nerves and she felt a new organm approaching with the inevitability of a freight train.

She became aware of Darren's awareness of her. She experienced Darren’s experience of her and Darren’s experience of her experience of him. Infinite echoes of Lynn and Darren expanded in their awareness before their Tarka consolidated the images into one Lynn and one Darren. Lynn did not ask herself why Darren had access to her body stream she just reveled in what she was experiencing.

 A new link intruded into their awareness, blossoming into Saffron’s body stream. The intimate social nature of what they were doing, the primal human nature of it cut though her isolation. Jupe’s lust, Lynn’s fascination with her and Darren / Mark’s tentative hesitant love helped anchor her to the rest of humanity. 

She valued what she had, without becoming attached, knowing from experience that everything she loved was doomed to be lost. She focused on the present keeping the future and the past at bay. However no matter how studiously she meditated, how much she let go, poison seeds of attachment clung to her, the past and the future intruded, anger at what she had lost, rage at those who divided people into those that mattered and those that did not, the ever present stink of her own mortality. It was times like these when she was intimate with others she could almost let go. Sex became a form of meditation. The feral lust in Jupe’s eyes as she pushed down on his rigid member, the vulnerable sensations as he penetrated deep inside of her, the electric ecstasy of her clit rubbing against his public bone, the stretching of her pussy as she rode him tied her firmly to the present in a primitive elemental way with a physicality that was impossible to deny.

The way Lynn squirmed against her with excitement as she spread Lynn’s arse apart running her hand over her wet eager pussy, teasing her clit, pushing her fingers inside her, was a balm on the pain of the past, evoking good associations and laying to rest old ghosts.

The way Mark filled her up, stretching and pulling her back passage. The way Jupe and Mark squeezed her sensitive membranes between them. The way his lips brushed her skin leaving light kisses on her back. The way his fingers traced small circles along her sides. The way he literally had her back eased her fears about the future.

Awareness of first Lynn then Mark filled her senses. Echoes chased echoes until there were only three of them. She lost herself in the others, abandoning past and future and her very self. One last thing remained to abandon, to accept, the fear of her own death. But something inside her twisted and rebelled. She was supposed to welcome death, pass through it, accept it and leave the fear behind. But something inside her rejected this.

She gathered the energy, the sexual excitement, their heartbeats, their breath, the raw sense of life flowing through them and forged it into a weapon. She screamed her defiance at death. <I am still here. I am still alive, despite all you have done, despite all you have tried I am alive. Here I am, here I stand. Do your worst, you bastard!> Once again she had failed to gain inner peace. However she no longer cared, and that was a victory of sorts. 

The sensations, the excitement, the emotions flowing between them were overwhelming. They thought of adding Jupe, but three was already too much. Besides they had already passed the point of no return. The sensation of height, of inevitability, of acceptance and release was upon them. For an endless moment they hung suspended within that instant of unstoppable passion, and then they were falling, the sexual tension exploding out of them in sweet release in a mind shattering orgasm. There was confusion about who was orgasming before they realized they all were. The orgasm surged though their bodies bouncing between them.

Mark shut off the body stream from the two others, but his body was still orgasming and kept orgasming. His body convulsively tried to squeeze any last skerrick of cum out of his now empty balls and prostate, attempting to inject it deep into Saffron’s bowels.

Vaguely he remembered that this had happen to him before. Ichigo had said it was because of over-stimulation.

The orgasms slowly subsided. The afterglow washed though him. Things became fuzzy he blinked and found himself staring down at the distant ground about to topple off the leaf they were lying on. Someone was holding his shoulder preventing him from falling. He turned his head and gazed into the sparkling green eyes of an angel. She had a heart shaped cherubic face, features of mixed heritage, coffee colored skin, and golden brown hair braided in cornrows.

“Cassie?” He slurred. He felt an overwhelming sensation of love for her, of love for everyone. He had trouble concentrating. Was he drunk? Was he high? He ran a quick diagnostic. The disturbing view of how far he would have fallen if Cassie had not caught him was overlaid with warning symbols. His brain was swimming in a sea of oxytocin, dopamine, serotonin, endorphins and a host of other hormones and neurotransmitters. He could instruct his Tarka to purge the excess chemicals out of his system, but that seemed like a waste. It defeated the purpose in acquiring his current altered state of conscious in the first place. He had never been much of a drinker and didn’t take drugs, but since discovering that alcohol and other drugs no longer affected him, he could kill for a stiff drink or something harder. His current condition seemed like a good substitute for getting high.

He had a feeling he was forgetting something.

“You are lucky that leaf hasn’t collapsed under all your weight. You and Saffron weigh twice what the rest of us weigh. Let me help you onto my leaf”

<Saffron?> he sent in panic. He reached behind him and felt warm flesh, whose, Lynn’s, Jupe’s or Saffron’s he could not tell.

Then he felt the connection between them and knew exactly where Saffron was.

<I'm fine. I should be asking you that question. Sorry I was slow to catch you.  You seem to have landed on your feet though, or rather into the arms of a beautiful woman. I'm jealous. She looks scrumptious. I forgot how much fun that old party trick was. I used to do it with Luke and Channy, when I was a kid, the body streaming I mean, not the sex. Later I did it with Selina-- the body streaming and the sex I mean.>

Mark noted Saffron seemed not much more coherent than he was.

<Let’s leave the love birds to bond.> Cassie muttered, picking him up as if he were a loaf of bread despite being half the mass he was.

She swung him over her shoulder. Mark yelped as the plastic coated metal leaf swung towards him on what looked like an imminent collision. “Watch it.” he called out as he pushed against the leaf with his arms, his hair brushing the plastic as she leaped to the next leaf.

It still came as a shock how strong someone with high level Tarka was and her Survival Tarka was 50 years obsolete compared with his Lotus Tarka. He was still blinking trying to clear his head when she deposited him on the new leaf. The adrenaline spike from the near miss had helped but he was still woozy.

“I could have walked over here”, complained Mark.

“You can't even see straight,” retorted Cassie. “You almost fell out of the sculpture.”

Cassie lay on top him, a rather intense look in her eye. “You owe me.”

“Thank you for catching me,” said Mark leaning up to kiss her. “You are adorable.” He let the good will and love flow though him. It must be the oxytocin one part of him though, while another part of him just enjoyed the closeness and the silky texture of Cassie's skin, the softness of her lips. He took a snapshot of his neurotransmitter levels. He could duplicate this feeling later, however he would rather do this the old fashioned way, it was more fun and it was probably a bad idea to tinker inside the head he was thinking with.

Cassie started rubbing her herself against him. <I don't know whether to beat you to a pulp or to screw you into the ground.> she growled with a mixture of anger, frustration and lust.

Mark realized he had been reacting and not thinking. Though it was hard to think when his thoughts were as sluggish as molasses. Cassie was a complete stranger and although the sense of mystery added to the excitement of the current naked make-out session, it was probably not what he would be doing if he was completely sober. He began to feel a little embarrassed. Then a sense of panic set in as he realized that she desperately wanted something that at the moment he was probably not equipped to deliver and that she would probably be too impatient to wait for him to recover.

His hand shot out grabbed a package flying towards him. It was a muesli bar. <You are going to need that.> Saffron sent.

Mark peeked over at her and saw that Saffron and Lynn were lying face to face holding each other. Saffron was eating another food bar while Lynn was kissing her neck. Jupe and Cloe were asleep on another leaf.

Cassie cupped his balls again and start rubbing her wet slit against his groin. <Are you going to let me down like Cloe did? I thought your fancy experimental Tarka would let you do better than this.> sent Cloe. <What did you do to Cloe? She fell asleep while I was licking her. Cloe is a unstoppable, insatiable sex machine and you completely trashed her. She has never let me down before, but this time I was left hot and hanging.>

Mark tried to frame a reply but was at a loss.

<Don't answer that, I know what you did. However I think I know how we can kick start your equipment.> sent Cassie as she passed him a Tarka service token.

He accepted the token and a flood of lust and thwarted passion hit him like a brick wall.  He lost himself and his sense of time and for a time was confused whether he was Cassie or Mark. 

He felt hesitation and guilt and embarrassment as Cassie pulled back. Dimly he was aware that not everything he was feeling was coming from his own body and brain.

<I am being selfish. I shouldn't have bullied you into this. You are trashed.> said Cassie.

<Darren you need to stop accepting every service token people give you.> sent Saffron.

"I wouldn't call it bullying. I am warming to the idea. In fact I want you more than anything," said Mark with a smile.

"It's a cheat. It's not your desire you are feeling but mine. I was hoping to bootstrap you to readiness but you're exhausted." 

"I gave you that food bar for a reason," commented Saffron.

Mark realised he was still holding the muesli bar. "I wouldn't give up on me just yet," said Mark as he opened the bar and bit into it. A bitter metallic taste filled his mouth and blissful satisfaction spread throughout his body.

"That is both the most disgusting and the most wonderful thing I have ever tasted, even second hand." exclaimed Cassie.

"It's full of minerals, Tarka precursors and charged quantum batteries mixed in with the honey and nuts," Mark broke a piece off his bar and handed it to Cassie. 

Hesitantly Cassie nibbled on the bar. A startled expression crossed her face and she wolfed down her remaining portion radiating bliss. "My taste buds hate this but my Tarka loves it. Is this one of the products that you are working on at your company?" asked Cassie. 

“It is still under development but yes.”

“Can’t you do something about the taste?”

“That difficult to do. We can wrap some of the active ingredients in buckyballs, but it reduces the amount of payload. That was the extra strong version of the food bar. The standard version is lot milder.” replied Mark.

“It certainly has a kick.”

“You need a pretty resent version of Tarka to tap into all the energy sources. There are limited-replication pseudo-tarka adapters in the mix that will help with energy uptake if you have older Tarka and I am giving you way too much information aren’t I.”

“That’s OK. It is obvious that you love what you do.”

Mark checked her Tarka. It was mimicking the protocols of a high-end commercial Tarka but it had the response times and capabilities of the latest stable version of Survival Tarka.

<Don’t say anything about my Tarka aloud. Some of my clients are officially anti-Survival Tarka, although most operate on a don’t ask, don’t tell basis. Hell even most Police Departments are ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ and would go pro-Survival Tarka if it weren't for pressure from the central government.> sent Cassie after sensing his queries and probes of her Tarka

<I won’t say anything. I was only checking that you wouldn’t have any trouble with the bar.>

Mark felt conflicted, indecisive and embarrassed. <Just spit it out. I promise I won’t be offended.> he sent.

<Do you know anything about Black Tarka?> sent Cassie.

<Give her your Lotus Tarka,> sent Saffron. Instructions on how to set limitations on the Tarka so that it would not seem so advanced was sent with the message.

<Are you sure? Won’t that increase the risk that we will attract unwanted attention or that the Tarka falls into unfriendly hands?> 

<I want to give the people around us some extra protection if we are going to stay here and it would take 24th century tech to crack that Tarka.>

<If you want I can give you the experimental Survival Tarka that Saffron and I use. It has stealth capabilities.> Mark sent Cassie.

<Really. You mean Black Tarka actually exists. It’s not an urban myth.> 

<People will not be able to tell you are using Survival Tarka unless you want them to. The mimicry is a lot harder to crack than the spoofing techniques that you are currently using.>

Mark felt excitement and wonder and for the first time the sense of frustration receded. Cassie leaned down and gently teased his lips with hers. <I would very much like to get my hands on that Tarka.>

<Even though it’s experimental? Sometimes cutting edge can be bleeding edge.> Mark warned. He worried that even with the restrictions on speed, strength and capabilities it would still be too obvious that the Lotus Tarka was too advanced for this time period.

<If your performance during the laser tag match is anything to go by I will take my chances.>

<Is the tension between the Pro and Anti-Survival Tarka camps still so bad then? I thought ‘The Accommodation’ defused the situation.>

<The Accommodation only meant that the government switched to more indirect methods of trying to rid the solar system of Survival Tarka. It’s bizarre how the whole Anti-Survival Tarka hysteria started. Survival Tarka capabilities were never a secret and the Inkululueko Massacre wasn’t the first incident involving the Tarka.  You had people in the morgue coming back alive and murder victims killing their murderers for years before-hand, but Inkululueko was the incident that captured the public’s imagination, that frightened them in a way that the previous incidents did not and they are still frightened, they are still terrified, even though you have to threaten to desecrate a dead or dying body to be in any danger at all,> sent Cassie.

<Perhaps it is the independence the Survival Tarka gives people that frightens government and companies.>

<The Population Control Council has always been the loudest voice against Survival Tarka. It lowers the death rate dramatically and they seem to think that people will start breaking the rules unless they can easily kill lawbreakers. Plus it would be relatively easy to override the contraception enforcement in Survival Tarka, if someone was determined as Survival Tarka is Open Content and designed to be modified.>

<What about disabling the auto-defense features?> asked Mark.

<It has been proposed, but that solution doesn’t satisfy either side. The Anti-Survival crowd says that people can easily re-enable or re-install the self-defense AI without anyone being the wiser and the Pro-Survival Tarka crowd says that ethnic violence and human rights violations dramatically fall after a Survival Tarka become wide spread in a region and that pulling the teeth from the Tarka would undermine that.>

<Since you’re so interested in Black Tarka does that mean you are going back to Boston after the Headliners leave.>

<I am not sure. I got into personal training to pay the rent while I tried to break into choreography, but I have done more choreography there at Newstock in the last few weeks than I have in the last few years in Boston. Some of the groups I have been helping are close to going viral. However being personal trainer to the cast of Boston Law has opened doors to me, I'm not sure I want to give that up. I have a little more time before I decide. Maybe one of my groups will win a media contract. That's what they are here for. But either way the conflict between the Pro-Survival and Anti-Survival camps is not over and I would rather not get caught in the crossfire,> Cassie give him an intense look, leaned closer for a deep kiss, and felt his hardening cock. “You are well on the way getting your strength back and you have a deeply appreciative, deeply grateful girl willing to do anything you desire.”

 “You would have already done not only anything I desired, but anything you could get me to agree to.”

“Too true.” Cassie laughed.

“I thought it would be nice to get to know each other first.”

Cassie rolled her eyes. <Born Darren Cristian Steward on February 13th 2224 to Jocosa Katharina Delany and Kevin Edison Steward. Your parents won permission from the fertility board to conceive you after founding a very successful Tech company. Your parents were killed by a plane crash when you were 12. As all of your parent's relatives had been killed either in the wars or in the Wasting, you ended up as a ward of the state. You were left destitute after legal pro…>
<Reading my LifeBook article does not mean you know Me.> Mark interrupted. He regretted not reading all the material relating to his cover identity and realized that getting to know each other was definitely a bad idea when he knew so little about growing up in this era. He decided he would just say his childhood was too painful to discuss.  Fortunately Cassie seemed to think she already knew about the all things he would have difficulty faking.

<How about this?> Cassie sent him streams of Audio-Visual material showing his morning activities in Newstock.

<Where did you get this?>

<People have been posting clips to the community message boards. Even among this lot of misfit and weirdoes you and Saffron standout. >

<So half the camp has seen me screw Cloe?> asked Mark.

<No, more like half the Solar System. Cloe signed a media contract after that clip of her facing down the cops in Denver went viral. Her full body stream gets piped live to the Mesh. Her LifeStream doesn’t get the ratings it once did, but people still tune in when something interesting happens. You gave her quite the ratings blip. Cloe’s fans love drama even more than she does. You’re quite the hero to the Princesses. If want anything kept confidential send it to her don’t say anything sensitive aloud anywhere near her.>

<Did you know about this?> Mark sent to Saffron. Mark only received sniggers back from Saffron. The laughter shortly became audible then louder before petering out.

<Bit of a warning about Cloe. Always respect her safeword and be careful about pushing too hard with the rough stuff. She broke one guys arm a week ago when he went too far.>

<I am uncomfortable being too rough anyway.>

<She is more into role play than actual pain. However I think there is some Immortality Syndrome going on there as well.> sent Cassie.

<What’s that?>

<You would have been about one when you got your first Survival Tarka so I guess you wouldn’t have gone through it. When an adult first gets the Tarka they feel invincible. They sometimes take crazy risks like Cloe and her big showdown in Denver. With the ability to heal any injury some start treating pain as unimportant, not even using their Tarka pain management features.>

Mark knew exactly what Cassie was talking about, although it was hard to feel properly invincible with Saffron about.

<You seem to know Cloe very well. How long have you known her?> asked Mark.

<About three weeks.> At Marks look of surprise she clarified. <Cloe is not very complicated. What you see is what you get. Besides I may have sampled Cloe’s LifeStream one or two times before I met her.>

<What did …?>

<Enough of the endless stream of questions you elephant’s child!> Cassie interrupted. <You can pay attention to my other lips.> Cassie scrambled around and kneel over his face. “Can you give me some attention please?”

Mark felt the frustration and eagerness stronger than ever. He spread her outer lips and gently teased her folds with his lips and tongue inhaling her musk. He involuntarily thrust his hips as the tingling stimulating sensations that Cassie was feeling poured thought his link with her. Excitement warmed his skin. A sensation as sharp and strong as an electric stock ran through him as he touched her clit with his tongue and then she was rubbing herself against his nose, lips and chin. Trembling as she thrusted and ground against him. 

So overwhelming were the sensations coming from her that it took a few seconds before he realised that she was licking and nibbling on his cock.


++++++

They cleaned up using a block of open air showers. Everyone was very enthusiastic about helping the other group members get clean. There was a lot of splashing and laughing, but eventually it was agreed that they were all clean.

Later, clean and refreshed, they were all seated around a table underneath a sail. Cloe and Jupe both sported recharging bracelets. For Saffron and Mark the recharging cables disappeared into their thighs.

"Cloe you will need more than salad if you want to replenish your strength." Said Saffron.

<You haven't had Ade's salad.> sent Cloe, her mouth full. She had a big bowl mostly lettuce in front of her. Jupe was eating chowder out of a bread bowl that was shaped like the famous Tanzi Jetball Stadium in Denver. The bread bowl’s lid broke into chunky spoons which Jupe used to scoop out the chowder. The bread looked crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside.

"You are still going to need more than that.”

“How about that energy bar I tasted before. Do you have any more of those?” asked Cassie.

“About the only thing I have left are these candies,” said Saffron passing them around.

“They taste of Tarka supplements.” remarked Jupe after tasting one.

“Yes, that’s the idea. You Cloe are especially run down and are going to need them,” replied Saffron.

“These are not as strong as what Darren gave me before,” complained Cassie.

“That was one of Darren’s super strong super concentrated specials. Only Darren can stand the taste of them,” said Saffron.

“I didn’t mind the taste. They had quite a kick,” said Cassie. “I enjoyed the buzz.”

“Try some this salad. Ade really knows how to work a food printer,” urged Cloe, shoving a fork full of lettuce in Mark’s mouth.

The lettuce was like nothing he had ever tasted. It was extra crisp and very moist with a texture similar to lettuce, but with a taste completely different. It had a meaty flavor (Pork?) with a bitter sweet lemony after taste. “Yes. Very nice,” Mark agreed.

Their host Ade set out a plate of flat bread called Injera and a big bowl of an Aksumite spicy chicken dish called Doro Wat before Mark and Saffron.

Ade’s public profile flickered at the edges of Marks vision.


{block}
{tt}Name: Ade Ayomide Ihejirika {br}
Role: Host, Culinary Artist and Chief Gossip Monger.{br}
Age: 86{br}
Gender: Male {br}
Sexually: Heterosexual {br}
Marital Status: Married {br}
Spouse:  Natalija Claudia Ihejirika {/tt}
{/block}

“Don’t any of you dare ruin the taste of my food with Tarka supplements,” scolded Ade, looking annoyed. “I will get some drinks to cleanse your palettes.”

“Ade, do you know of anything that will mask the taste of supplements?” asked Saffron.

“Aniseed maybe,” Ade suggested. “I will make you some aniseed biscuits and coffee, I will add a little supplement, but only because Cloe and Jupe look like death warmed over, and you are to wait until after your meal. No more of those chocolate balls you have been passing around.”

“Thank you, Ade.” said Cloe.

Saffron broke off some of the Injera and used it to scoop out some chicken, Berbere sauce and egg out of the bowl of Wat and bit into it. “Just like my mother used to make.”

“I doubt that. This is my own unique reinterpretation of my homeland’s national dish.”

<My parents will come through here in about 2 years’ time. That is the versions of them that are native to this era will. My mother undoubtedly wheedled the recipe out of Ade while she was here or while she will be here or… The language really wasn’t constructed with time travel in mind.>

“Your food is almost finished printing.” Ade continued nodding to Cassie and Lynn.

Mark tore off a piece of flat bread and used it to scoop out some of the contents of Aksumite dish. An explosion of taste flooded Mark’s mouth as he bit into the Doro Wat due to his enhanced senses ability to truly appreciate Ade artistry. Ade had taken many liberties with the traditional dish adding flavors of spinach and pine nuts to the sour flat bread, and a richness to the hot spicy berbere sauce. Was that a hint of miso? The Aksumite Kingdom was roughly equivalent in location to Ethiopia his own Era, but was much more successful and prosperous than that country had been.

<Send me a taste, will you,> sent Cassie.

<Do want a real taste? Sending the flavor over the stream is just going make you hungry,> replied Mark.

<Sharing your LifeStream is fine,> confirmed Cassie.

“Thank you for this,” said Ade, tapping the jewel shaped data store hanging from his ear that Saffron had given him. “Your gossip is even better that Cassie’s.”

“Are you sure you wouldn’t like recipes instead?” asked Saffron.

“No, I prefer to design meals my own way,” Ade replied. “This was prefect.” He disappeared back into his tent.

“Lynn, how did you get the steel for that giant tree sculpture?” asked Saffron.

"Some of us discovered a sequestration war era ghost town not far from here. It had a lot of abandoned ground vehicles. This whole area was hit badly by the war. Hell, all of North America was hit badly. We had almost 70% fatalities compared to an Earth average of 50 to 55%. Only North Korea, Britain, France, Saudi Arabia and Russia had it worse."

"So you made this out of car bodies. Did you make anything else?" 

“There are four other large sculptures of mine scattered around the camp, plus one of the slides in the water park is my work,” Lynn replied. “We never finished that discussion about the design of your tent complex.  Let me show you some of my old sketches. If you want something more radical there is quite a few designs over the years that I never had chance to implement" she pulls up a number of designs and Mark and Saffron make comments about features they like. Lynn leans close to Saffron as they discuss the designs, her eyes intense and her expression almost worshipful.

<Don’t you ever feel jealous when Lynn acts this way?> Mark sent to Cassie.

<Lynn falls in crush with someone different every few weeks, but we have been together for 12 years. Lynn maybe fascinated by Saffron and enjoy playing with her but I am the one she’s going home with.> 

<Isn’t that a little unfair to you. You get stuck with whatever attention is leftover and whoever’s leftovers.> 

<It isn’t that bad. Lynn seems to need the excitement and drama of a crush. I prefer to get my drama second hand, or on the stage when I am pretending to be someone else. Flirting and playing can be fun through, and being partnered with someone as outgoing as Lynn gets me out of the tent.> replied Cassie. <All this talk about jealousy, does that mean you’re jealous?>

Sometimes Mark thought he should be, but maybe that was his 21st Century upbringing. <No.> sent Mark struggling to elaborate. All the secrets Saffron and he shared tied them together and excluded the others in a way that saddened Mark rather than reassured him. He struggled to put this into words that would not reveal too much.

<Good, because you two are one of the closest couples I have ever met. The way you two move in sync, the way you are always aware of each other, you even finish each other’s sentences sometimes. Saffron in particular seems to know what you are going to do before you do it. The way you two coordinated in Laser Tag was amazing.  It is hard to believe you have only been together a few years.>

Mark wondered what she would say if she found out they had only been together a few weeks. <That’s mainly Saffron she is an artist when it comes to coordination and tactics.>

<Don’t sell yourself short. Is it okay if we continue to hang around?>

Ade placed a bowl of fruit and plate of bread in front of and a bread bowl in the shape of the Coliseum in front of Cassie. When Cassie removed the lid a creamy soup with red, orange and white swirls was revealed. Mark tasted spicy pumpkin over his semi-dormant link with Cassie as she sampled one of the orange swirls and smoky sour capsicum taste as she sampled the red with the bread spoons torn from the lid.

<Sure. Why not.>

<There’s a Pop-Rhythm band called the ‘Buzz’ starting at Pelée in about an hour. I could use a close slow dance to settle my stomach after dessert. How about it?>

<I thought I was second or third choice for you?>

<Don’t be like that. My first choice would have been to have you and Cloe both playing with me. You both looked smoking hot when you were doing her. You need to lose that cringe. If I didn’t know better I would think that you weren’t a Princess at all. You certainly don’t have the usual hyper-inflated ego.>

<Well I have certainly lead a less sheltered life than most of my generation. Plus hanging around Saffron would deflate anyone’s ego.> sent Mark, falling back the Darren Steward legend that Saffron had prepared for him.

<Still with the cringe. You hold your own with Saffron, which considering the age difference is impressive. So am I going to get to spend more time with you or not? You never said what you thought about my dancing suggestion. Let me say I am a fantastic dancer. You would be missing out if you said no.>

<Then I will say yes. I am not so sure the timing though. I have a feeling Saf and I are supposed to be in a virtual meeting about now. I better check with her.>

<Weren’t we suppose to meet those cops about an hour ago?> Mark asked Saffron.

<Yes, we are going to have to T-jump to be on time.>

<Why not just blow them off? With the way everyone here knows everyone else’s business here, people are bound to notice if we are in two places at once.>

<We will change ID and appearance and I will come up with some cover story to explain away the changes to the Narcs.> 

<So, we are okay to go dancing with Cassie and Lynn?>

<Actually I could do with a holiday from my holiday. This morning was a bit intense and I am starting to getting impatient to rescue my parents.>

<So we’re dumping our new friends? What is the rush? You were talking about spending a week here.>

<I made those plans while we were still in Virtuality. When you are in the real world with real hormones and neurotransmitters, problems feel more pressing and concrete. If we take a quick trip to our tent then T-jump we can be back before they barely notice. Plus we can introduce my parents to these folks when we come back,> sent Saffron. “After we finish the meal, we need to pick up some encrypted reports on our ‘Not for Profit’ from the dedicated secure link in our tent. It shouldn’t take us long. Do you want to meet later?” she asked the group. There were quick nods all round.

<We will miss the ‘Buzz’,> sent Cassie in alarm.

<You go and we will catch up. If we hurry we can still have a few dances at the tail end of the act or we could do something else if you like.> sent Mark.

<We could meet at the water park or maybe play Zombie Tag.> sent Cassie.

“What are you two up too? It must be naughty to judge by how red Cassie’s face is. Count me in,” said Cloe. <I am game as long as it isn’t Zombie Tag.> she sent.

<Why do you have to be a stick in the mud? Just because it has the Z-word in the name.> complained Cassie.

<It is not just because it has Zombie in the name. Most Veterans and Warborn find it deeply offensive to turn a tragedy like the Sequestration Wars into a sex game.> 

<It doesn’t have to be about sex you can use touch rules. Lots of wars get turned into games and who says it is about the Sequestration Wars anyway.>

<Nobody uses touch rules as it defeats the purpose of the game which is for most people to give them a thinly veiled excuse to fuck complete strangers. The overt goal is to forcibly convert the opposition to your side in a way that just screams Sequestration plus the fact that Zombie is an offensive but all too common term for the Sequestered triggers a deeply negative reaction in most Veterans.>

<But everybody plays it and half the time people just yell their safe word if they’re caught, which means they are converted straight away.>

<I don’t play it, neither does Jupe or Lynn. Even if I wanted too, as a public figure I would get crucified by the media and my ratings would plummet. So can we stop arguing about it?> sent Cloe. “Take Darren dancing. No-one can dance with you without falling in love with you. I certainly did,” continued Cloe out loud.
 
“Drink your soup Cassie,” said Lynn to her resentful wife. 

By the time dessert was served Cassie was in a better mood. By the time coffee and biscuits were served Cassie was her old smiling self. 

“Remember you promised me a dance,” Cassie called out as the two group went their separate ways.
