Chapter 11 : War-games.



<What are we doing there?> Mark asked. Looking around the bar which seemed to be dedicated to ultra-lights.  The display surfaces were showing some incomprehensible game between the rocketeers and the sky pirates. Winged skull motifs decorated the place and the patrons, giving a strong hint that the bar's clientele were sky pirate fans.

"Speak out loud and speak in 23rd century English," Fury replied.

"We can't enjoy alcohol. The bar games are a little simple for our upgraded reflexes. The gender balance of this place is seriously skewed. You're one of the few women. It feels like a biker bar." The rotgut in a glass before him might have had some redeeming features if his body had responded to alcohol as it used to. Mark glanced at the displays and winced as one of the flying players slammed full speed into the wall of the arena. <Quidditch with jetpacks?> he thought.

"Just do what you think is reasonable." 

"I think blowing this place would be ..." Mark started. He was interrupted by a heavy hand descending on his shoulder.

“You are in my seat,” declared a heavy set man, his face a tattooed skull.  A red headed man with lightning bolt tattoos around the eyes approached Fury from the other side.

“Is there any reason for us to stay?” Mark asked Fury with a sigh.	

“Does the pussy-whipped wimp need permission to scratch his balls?” asked Skull Face.

Mark peeled Skull Face’s hand off his shoulder forcing Skull Face back and to the side in order to avoid a wrist lock. 

“Ouch! Watch it!” complained Skull Face.

Mark slipped off the bar stool. He bowed slightly and gesture towards the stool. “All yours.”

Fury slipped off her stool as well. 

“No need for you to go, lady,” said Lightning Face reaching for Fury. Fury intercepted his hand putting him in a wrist lock and forcing him to the ground.

“Race you to the door,” said Fury with a smile. She dodged to the side as one of Lightning Face’s friends tried to intercept her and tripped another with a sweep.

Skull Face took a swing at Mark. Mark stepped back out of the way of his fist. A small shove sent the already over balanced Skull Face into the path of his friends. The altercation had received negative attention from the bar clientele most of whom seemed to be Skull and Lightning's friends. Everyone seemed to be converging on Mark except for those in the path of the swiftly moving mayhem that was Fury. 

Mark endeavored to follow Fury. A man with a flying skull tattoo on his chest moved to intercept him, swinging at his face. Mark ducked and snapped a reverse punch into Skull Chest’s sternum as he passed. Next his way was blocked by a hawk- nosed fellow with chain tattoos on his arms and a blonde with hanged man tattoos. Mark took out Chains with a front kick and Hanged Man with a spinning reverse kick. Unfortunately, this slowed him down, allowing his pursuers to close with him and although his strikes disabled his opponents they were still blocking his way. Mark barreled between them pushing them to the ground with open handed strikes. This slowed him further. As his enemies closed in things became a blur and he struck automatically as targets came into range.

A half grab / half shove from behind threw him off balance. He was hit hard from behind and the side. He spun around and blocked a punch from a tall lanky black haired man with barbed wire tattoos. He was fast and strong but Mark was used to sparring with the deceptively graceful Fury. He knocked Barbed Wire out with a three punch combo. Someone tackled him from behind.   Reaching behind and grabbing his attacker’s head, Mark leaned forward sharply, throwing his attacker over his hip. Then he was buried under an avalanche of bodies. 

The scene dissolved around him. “I have seen enough. Shall we debrief?” asked Fury as the debrief room coalesced around them. A 3D top down view of the fight appeared in the table display.

“You are putting too much power into your strikes. A conflict is made up of a series of windows of opportunity. If you do too much during one of these windows you will either be out of position to take advantage of the next window or you will miss it entirely,” she lectured.

“You also need to adjust your techniques and strategy depending the circumstances and on the goal. What was your goal in this scenario?” she asked.

“To get to the door,” he replied.

“Correct, it was not beat the crap out of everyone in the room which was what you seemed to be intent on doing. Also you need keep moving. You paused here, here and here and you came to a complete stop here,” she manipulated the playback to show the examples she was talking about.

“To fight effectively you need to plan and think ahead, but by this point you were merely reacting, and by the time we got to here, you seem to have forgotten you were supposed to get to the door,” she continued.

“You need to be able to assess the threat level of your opposition. Here, while you were distracted by these low level mooks, you allowed the heavy hitter here to catch up with you,” she said. “I will teach you to recognize the amount of physical upgrades an opponent has by the way they move.” 

“Also you managed to kill six of your opponents and seriously injure seven others. It is easy to forget how much stronger you are now, and how fragile baseline humans are. I wanted to take you to Newstock in a few days’ time. I figured that it hardly mattered that you were half trained as there was unlikely to be trouble. However I can’t take you while you’re getting results like these.” 

She ran through a quick lesson using many examples and then tested his ability to identify a Tarkika’s physical abilities by studying how they moved. After grilling him mercilessly for almost an hour she sent him several tarka service tokens and he accepted them.  A number of exercises and scenarios appeared in his already overcrowded work item backlog as homework. Then she brought up a fighting area scene reminiscent of the Coliseum and had him work on techniques appropriate for opponents of different physical abilities and had him practice getting the amount of force correct. Then she sent him more homework.

“Did you understand the purpose of the bar scenario?” she asked as sat down on the hot sand of the arena.

“I must admit the purpose escaped me,” he said as he joined her on the sand.

“The purpose was to practice moving though crowds, even crowds that are hostile. What is our most potent weapon?”

“Our ability to think ahead and anticipate our opponents’ actions,” he answered.

“That is very good answer. I was thinking of something a little more specific to our situation, though. The time jumper opens up a wealth of strategic and tactical possibilities. What would happen if we jumped from the middle of a crowd?”

“Unless we expanded the field to transport all of them, people would be cut in half, either killed or maimed. “

“All an opponent would have to do to immobilize us would be to surround us,” she declared.

He did not have to ask if it would ever be permissible to cause death in order to escape. "Who exactly will be our opposition?"

“That is a good question.”

The debrief room dissolved and a black room littered with white boards took its place.

A board labeled “Threats” caught his eye.

The top item was “Time Loop Macro Quantum Interference”.

“I think we have already covered this one. Basically, don't do something stupid like going back in time to kill Hitler or your own grandfather or anything that might cause a contradiction. Also keep your eye out for improbable events and stop trying to do whatever they seem to be preventing you from doing.”

The next item was 'the governments of 2299'.

“If 2299 gets time travel it is game over for us. They will hunt us down and kill us. We might be able to hide if we did not do anything important but that is a different type of game over.”

“I have a very important assignment for you. It comes in two complimentary parts. First you need to figure out how to obtain more Chowdhury-Shmakov particles.  Second, how to prevent 2299 from getting any Chowdhury-Shmakov particles. We need a particle for you and I also have a few other people I would like to give particles too. I would start by upgrading your Physics knowledge from your current 2016 baseline to the 2299 equivalent, then treat it as you would any other research project.”

“I am not going to be able to learn 300 years of science overnight,” protested Mark.

“One. You have already proven that you can learn Physics.  Doing it a second time should be easier.” 

“Two. With your expanded capabilities, you will find it much easier to study.”

“Three. You have eternal youth and access to a time machine. Time is not a limitation. I know I said you could live 200 years but that is a rather pessimistic estimate. The technology is so new that no one knows how long we will live.”

“Four. You can recruit other experts as needed to help you,“ she finished.

“This sounds like an enormous project,” he said.

“That is one of things you are going to have to evaluate - the scope of the project.”

They stopped in front of a board marked “Projects”. There were three items on the board 'Rescue parents', 'Rescue Nightingale', 'Rescue History (e.g. Mozart etc.)'.

She inserted 'Control supply of Chowdhury-Shmakov particles' in between the Nightingale and the history projects. Then she sighed and put 'Rescue Selena' in between the Nightingale and Chowdhury-Shmakov particle projects. She then rubbed 'Rescue Selena' out and wrote in 'Kidnap Selena' instead.

“This is where it all started. This is where my life turned to crap, with the disappearance of my first love Selena Seager. I searched for years trying find out what happened to her and who was responsible. Now I think I know. It was me. It was me all the time.”

“You are not making a lot of sense,” complained Mark.

“Unfortunately my life does not make much sense. I going to commit the ultimate act of masochism. I would say that I can't believe I am going to do it, except I know myself well enough to know that I will. I am going trigger the events that caused the destruction of everything my sixteen year old self held dear, the death of my parents and so many of my friends. I am going inflict 11 years of pain and misery upon myself. I am going to kidnap Selena Sager from 2288. But before I do that to myself I need to know that I can undo the damage I have done, that I can save my parents and gain back everything I have lost.” As Fury talked, her face twisted in pain and her tears flowed. Mark held her and tried to comfort her. 

“If this is going to upset you so much then don’t do it.”

“No. Despite all the pain I made a difference. I changed things. I can’t help myself. I always rock the boat and I wouldn’t have it any other way. Even without Selena’s disappearance I still would have run afoul of authority eventually. This is the life I wanted. I won’t hide behind the excuse that the time loop give me no choice. It is all my fault! I am the monster that did this to me. There is no one to blame but myself. I really did love her you know and now I have lost her forever.” she said as she squeezed Mark tightly.

“But won’t you see her again soon?”

“You don’t understand. The person that loved her and that she loved is gone. I am not the timid naive socially awkward 16 year old girl that thought 20 year old Selena was sophisticated and cool any more. There are disadvantages to the tarka’s gift of perfect recollection.  I remember everything in brutal, painful, unforgiving detail even when I wish that I did not. I have a less charitable interpretation of her behavior now than I did then. Given enough time and life experience Selena might possibly have eventually turned in to a decent human being.  However at 20 years old she was somewhat manipulative and immature. If we were placed in a room together now, I don’t think I could last two minutes without putting her in her place.”

“You’re right.  I don’t understand. It sounds like it is a good thing that you are going to retroactively dump her.”

“You don’t have to understand, it is enough that you are here - Thank you.” Fury dried her tears. “What foolishness is it to regret being less naïve and gullible? To become attached to what is not and never will be?” Clearing her throat she continued. “I want you to spend one day of basic training and one day of research for every day you spend in Newstock. Don’t overdo it though, you are going to need some exposure to normal people if you want to assimilate into the 23rd century.”

“This place is amazing, like the best video game ever on steroids, but it still feels empty and alone. I am looking forward to getting out and about.”

“You do need the training, but we both need to go out. You will like Newstock. If you can go anywhere in time and space you might as well go somewhere nice,” she said. “Here is a breakdown of what you should be concentrating on.” She sent him tarka service tokens that represented four work items:  basic training, mission training (parent rescue), basic research and scope analysis of CSP project. He peeked inside each work item and the sub-tasks were about what he expected.

“Don’t take those as gospel, you have “write permission” on those items so tweak as necessary. We will be recruiting for the Nightingale rescue, so we will probably pick up help for your research project at the same time. Nightingale is in Maximum Security Prison and since I have already broken two people out of prison and she is a known associate of mine, they are going to be expecting us. Fun times.”

“Shouldn’t we be concentrating on rescuing your parents first?”

“Correct. Let’s go back to the threat board.” The next item was ‘Varija Kunasada’.

“I am not sure what you are saying there. Are you your own 3rd worst enemy?” he asked.

“We need to monitor our progress to make sure that our actions are taking us closer to our goals rather than further away from them. Also, I have certain well known weaknesses.”

“Like what?”

“Paranoia, fear of intimacy.”

The next threat was 24th century time travelers.

"We are not going to be able to suppress time travel technology forever, eventually it is going to fall into government hands or even the general public. If we are successful in making a real difference, it is going to be disruptive. And with any disruption there are going to be winners and losers. Someone is going to try and mess with us. The tradeoff is the further into the future they come from the more likely they are to have technology that we will not be able to defend against, but the less likely they will have a motive to interfere with us."

"There are too many unknowns. We need information about time enabled threats. I want to create a honeypot, a time and a place where we seem vulnerable, that invites attack. This means concealing where we are actually vulnerable. Our key vulnerabilities are my parents and you. As far as history is concerned my parents stay dead. If we manage to rescue them then we will give them new identities. As far as you are concerned, how much are you attached to being known as the discoverer of time travel and the first time traveler?”

“It was an accident. Prof. Holland would probably want credit for it anyway. With my new upgraded brain and all the wonderful mathematical tools I have been learning about, I can think of half a dozen PhD theses I could do that would make a splash, so I would not be upset if we kept it a secret. What about you? Aren’t, you a vulnerability too?”

“Yes, I will need to de-emphasize my part in the events that follow.” she said.

“Why is so much of this training military? You seem to be making me into a soldier. And how do you know so much about this?”

“People have been trying to kill me for the last 11 years. Some of the most skilled assassins in the Solar System have tried to take me out. People whom I would have trusted with my life have been subverted or have turned out to be plants. It was not so bad when it was only OSIO that wanted me dead, but then the North American Coalition got into the act when I broke Jason Hammond out of jail. Suddenly I had ‘The Cannon” breathing down my neck. After I broke ‘The Raptor' out of prison, things got crazy and they spared no expense trying to kill me. They started to go after anyone who was close to me, however the OSIO had already tried that lever in 2289 with the SFOG, and I learned to protect myself,” she looked away, pain showing in her eyes.  “Is it any wonder that I place a high value on self-defense?"

"This is not self-defense, it is military training. Especially the heavy weapons training. How do you know all this stuff?" he asked. 

"I taught cyber penetration and defense courses to the Israeli special forces. While I was there I learned all I could from the other instructors and sucked up all the training material I could get hands on. You know first-hand how fast someone with our enhancements can learn new skills plus I was already an expert Martial Artist and an expert in developing and using non-lethal tarka-based weapon systems. It all came in very handy when I ended up helping train Mars' revolutionary army."

"Am I really going to need all this military training?"

"I hope not. However if trouble does happen, the training should keep you from killing yourself or others by accident. Being who I am, I am going to urge you to avoid killing on purpose as well. All the people who tried to kill me are still alive even the ones that succeeded. They just wish that they were dead. If I can show restraint, surely you can too," she said.

"Sorry, did you say succeeded in killing you? You look and feel very much alive to me."

"For someone like me, making death permanent is harder than you might think."

"Someone like what?" he asked.

"Someone sneaky, underhanded, and fond of cheating."

"So, how did you manage it?"

"Let me have some secrets. I am tired. Can we rest awhile?" she asked. The scene dissolved into a zero-G hydroponic garden.

"Does that mean you don't trust me?"

"I trust you as much as I trust anyone. Give it a rest," she said as she hooked her leg around a vine. She wrapped her arms around him and let herself fall asleep nuzzling his chest.

He let himself drift off as well. He dreamed he was floating on top of the ocean. He could hear the crash of the surf and fish were nibbling on his neck. The surf resolved itself into Varija’s breathing and the fish, into her kissing his neck.

Fury was already looking flushed and breathing hard. Waking up to the sensation of floating through the air, touching nothing but Fury’s soft firm eager young body was an incredible start to the day. Varija seemed exceptionally affectionate after the previous day’s emotional roller coaster.

The lack of gravity made things awkward as there was nothing to anchor them. Unless they kept hold of each other, they tended to drift apart. 

Cupping Fury’s head in one hand and her butt in the other, Mark stole some strawberry kisses. There was an emotional hunger in Varija’s kisses, as if the normally self-contained girl needed reassurance. She wrapped her legs around his back and grabbed his ass cheeks. With a bit of wriggling, pushing and pulling she managed to get his cock in the entrance to her pussy. With a little more wriggling, she managed to pull him inside her well lubricated cunt. She groaned inside his mouth as they moved together. She used her internal muscles to clamp down on him. Their love making was slow and gentle as they moved their hips in unison. Varija started trembling, her cunt, spasmodically clenching him, as she came.  

She released him, spinning around and taking him in her mouth. <Lick me,> she sent.
Her legs wrapped around his head as he started licking her pussy. This position was far easier in the zero-G environment for both of them.  She took his cock all the way down her throat. He felt her throat massage and squeeze his cock as she swallowed and sucked, massaging his balls as she did so. He quickly passed the point of no return, he felt the sweet release as he shot his load down her throat, the afterglow flooding his senses.

He renewed his attack on her clit. Slipping his fingers inside, curling them, pressing them against the front wall of her pussy, the way he knew she enjoyed. Soon she shuddered to a second orgasm.

After a while she spun around and kissed him. They rested for a time in each other’s arms.

"I need to take care of a few things, you have your homework. If you manage to complete the crowd scenarios satisfactorily we can finally get out of this place and go to Newstock.” She kissed him and then was gone.

It ended up taking three days before Fury was satisfied with his scores in the crowd scenarios. 

“You ready to wake up?” she asked.

“More than ready,” he replied.

“Take my hand.” As he did so, everything dissolved into white, and everything stayed white. Something cold was covering his face and someone helped him brush it off and sit up. Everything was still white. 

“Close your inner eyelids,” a voice said.

He closed his inner eyelids and blinked his outer lids, trying to get used to the brightness. The whiteness resolved into snow. He was on the side of a mountain. High up on the side of a mountain. A harsh landscape stretched out below him.  Jagged peaks surrounded his location. “I thought we were in a hotel room,” he said.

“That was some time ago.” Someone replied.

He blinked some more and made out a brown skinned beauty of indeterminate race. “Fury?” he asked.

“Don’t ever use that name.” she said sternly.

“Varija then?” 

“You should probably avoid that one too unless we are on Mars. You can call me Saffron.”
