Chapter 3: Getaway

{b}Location{/b} : Melbourne, Oceania, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Monday, 22 May 2299 CE {br}

"So how {b}did{/b} you think I paid for the transport?" asked Sammy as they stepped into the sunlight.

"I thought you had an account with the cab company," answered Mark. "If you use crypto-currency for everything, why did you use money to bribe the doctors?"

"That was crypto-currency too, just in a form that's harder to trace. If they're smart, they will keep those crypto-coins on the chips I gave them, and not transfer the money into their wallets."

A vehicle stopped in front of them and opened its doors.

Mark reflected that despite the cold, the shower had been a plus. For the first time since his arrival he felt clean. "So what did you do? Why are the police after you?" he asked as they climbed into the vehicle.

"I exposed information powerful men wanted kept secret." 

"So you're a whistle-blower?" 

"Of sorts."

“Then why are the police looking for you?" he asked shifting to get comfortable. His back still hurt after twisting it to catch Kara. His foot was aching now too. The painkillers were wearing off.

"Apparently there's a right way and a wrong way to expose government corruption." 

"Not much has changed in 300 years then.”

"They also mentioned cyber-incursion, publishing privileged information, interfering with an ongoing investigation, and attempted murder of two intelligence officers.”

Mark blinked at that. What did he really know about Sammy, Kara, or whatever her name was? "So did you?"

"Did I what?"

"Try to kill them."

"I don't kill people. It is one of my rules. But really! Do I strike you as incompetent?" she asked raising her eyebrows.

"Well in the short time I've known you, you have almost died twice."

"I trusted you to keep me alive. Was I mistaken in that trust?"

"No." Mark turned and stared out the window, looking for any sign of the Melbourne he knew from three centuries ago. A few old short buildings looked vaguely familiar, but he couldn't figure out where in Melbourne they were.

"Then I ask you again. Do I strike you as incompetent?"

"No." Mark was starting to get annoyed and looked back out the window. 

"If I wanted them dead, they would be dead. Since they are still alive, I must not have tried to kill them. I do or I do not, for me there is no try." 

"Paraphasing Yoda?"

"Yes. I always liked Yoga's pink eyes and white fur."

"Yoda is green," he corrected.

"Not in the 2263 version."

"That argument is not convincing. I suggest you don't try it with the jury."

"It will never come to a trial. I am listed as 'Extremely Dangerous - Full Force Authorized’, which is code for shoot to kill – even if I'm waving a white flag and shouting 'I surrender'," she said.

"That sounds a little extreme." 

"Yes. If they are pissed off at me now, what will they be like when they find out about my involvement in the Mars Uprising?"

"You have been to Mars?" he asked.

"Yes. It takes months to get there though, unless you have a Chowdhury-Shmakov particle. Would you like to go?" 

"Didn't you just say something about an uprising there?"

"That is the best reason to go," she stated.

As with so many conversations with Kara, Sammy, or whoever her name was, so many questions were raised he didn't know where to start.

The vehicle pulled to a stop. "Why are you telling me all this now?" asked Mark as they exited the vehicle.

"I wanted you to know you're not alone, I'm walking the same road, facing the same circumstances. Also, I wanted you to understand that I'm not crazy or randomly paranoid, I always have my reasons for doing things. In fact, I usually have at least three reasons. This is the place."

Shattered glass, twisted metal, and broken concrete littered the street ahead.  Drones hovered overhead and the area was marked off with a flimsy barrier.  Sammy's face flushed red. The drones wobbled in the air for a second.

"I have subverted the police drones. We should be okay. Give me the extractor and time machine." Mark passed her the tube and the wristband.

Sammy placed the band on her wrist, and waved the extractor in front of her.

"We are in luck. It is here," she said heading towards a familiar looking magnetic trap. Sammy applied the extractor. There was a buzz, then a whirr, then a thunk.

"I have it!" she exclaimed. A weight seemed to lift off her shoulders. Her eyes glittered, and her voice choked as she said "Let's go."

Someone barked orders from behind them. They turned around to face a man and a woman, wearing only gloves and boots. Something about the way they were both pointing their gloves at them, made Mark nervous. Sammy yammered back at the pair.

"What is happening." whispered Mark.

"They are police officers. They want to know why we were stomping all over a crime scene. I told him we were from the EPA, and that we are disposing of contraband that poses a threat to the public. I handed him my EPA credentials and my work order. They are checking it now."

"I didn't see you pass anything over to them."

"By hand over credentials, I meant, I wirelessly transmitted cryptographic tokens that identify me, and my work order. They are now going verify my credentials with the EPA servers."

"And that is going to work?" asked Mark

"I compromised the EPA a long time ago. Aaand they are saying that it all checks out and that we are free to go. I say let's take them up on the offer."

Sammy led him further along the street. When they turned the corner Mark was able to relax. There often seemed something forced about Sammy's cheerfulness. But there was nothing forced about it now. Her eyes glittered. She seemed bursting with excitement.

"What language do people speak here?"

"English."

"Then why can't I understand it?" he asked.

"Languages change over time. There has been a shift in pronunciation, and there are a lot more Russian, Hindi, Portuguese, and Cantonese loan words, than you are used too."

"Why would the Environmental Protection Agency be at a crime scene?"

"EPA is Energy and Power Administration, not Environmental Protection Agency." she corrected.

"Okay. Well? What is next?"

"Why don't we sit down?" she said pointing to a bench opposite a park. Sammy helped him to the seat then climbed on top of him. She made sure his broken arm was supported by her shoulder. She leaned forward, and kissed him. The scent of roses filled the air.

"Why are you doing this?" he asked his heart racing. He ran his good hand down her back then pulled her close.

"We. Won. . . To. Celebrate. As. A. Reward." she replied, punctuating each word with a kiss on his neck, then his chest, finally biting and sucking his nipple.

"To reward me?" asked Mark as he stoked her hair.

"No! To reward myself," she answered as she opened his cloak. She moved closer pressing herself against him. Her groin was wet as it rubbed against his straining cock.

"I thought we were trying not to bring attention to ourselves. Won't the police arrest us?" Mark asked as he surfaced from a deeply satisfying kiss. Sammy blocked his view of most of the passersby, however he noticed that they were attracting attention. Even with his limited field of view, he noticed one couple further up the road who were blatantly enjoying the show. Some of the passersby showed disapproval, but most were ignoring them.

"It is not illegal, just in bad taste. The police will not do anything. However the sheep will be scandalized."
Sammy lifted herself up, then thrust down and just like that he was inside her. It felt so good that his protests died on his lips. She jiggled up and down, loosening herself up then pushing down taking more of this cock inside herself. Mark lent down and suckled her breast. She started thrusting down with longer stokes. Sudden he found himself wishing he was holding Kara instead of Sammy. Smelling Jasmine instead of Roses. Which was crazy wasn't it, they were the same person weren't they? And Sammy was even more beautiful that Kara.

Then he was too busy to think. Too busy to talk. Sammy showered him with a rain of kisses. She thrust downward until she was taking all of his cock. Sammy started grinding her clit against his pubic bone. Her vagina fluttered, squeezed, and massaged his cock. She started moaning as she kissed him. She started trembling then screamed as she came. Her cunt twitched and spasmed as she orgasmed.

"I really needed that. Thank you." breathed Sammy. "I really need more, but I have already pushed things too far as it is." Some wag started clapping.

"Now that you have what you wanted, are you going to disappear? Now that you have the time machine I mean." asked Mark not wanting to think about the audience they had attracted.

"No! Do you really think I would leave you in the lurch? I promised to save you." asked Sammy caressing his face.

"Does that mean you are going to send me back to my own time, with a pat on the head?" Mark had trouble concentrating as Sammy started moving again.

"Do you really want to go back to 2017?"

"No, not as long as I can avoid getting arrested by the authorities." Mark interrupted his reply to give her a deep kiss. "I would rather see what this time period has to offer."

"Are you sure you are not thinking with your little head?" asked Sammy as she started rocking her hips back and forth.

"No, I have barely seen anything. There is so much to learn; 300 years of history and 300 years of scientific development." Mark replied. He sighed as Sammy gently kissed his eyelids.

"Then I will be your native guide." Sammy said, biting his lip.

"What about the Time Machine? Only one person can have it." asked Mark trying to stay focused despite the distractions.

"I thought maybe we could be partners. I have projects that time travel will make possible. I thought you could help me with my projects, and I could help you with yours. What would {b}you{/b} like to do with the Time Machine?" asked Sammy as she nibbled his ears.

"Talk to Socrates. Write down his thoughts. Rescue the scrolls from the Library of Alexandria before they were burned. Rescue Mozart from early death." said Mark.

"You want to save History. I want save my parents, my friends, and then I want to save the Solar System. If you help me save my friends and family, I will help you save History." 

Sammy paused, uttered a groan of frustration, and then continued. "This is not helping. We are both just getting hot and bothered. How about we take this to a nice hotel room in 2283 long before anybody is looking for us? Maybe in a more relaxing setting you can cum and I could cum a couple of more times. We better go before Police Urban Combat Troops come around the corner, and try to shoot me, and arrest you."

"After the big speech about how cautious you normally are, why did you take the risk of stopping here?" he asked.

"I figured I could trigger a time jump to safety if there were any problems. That is unless they used a sniper. Then we would both be dead."

"Alrighty then! Perhaps we should go then," suggested Mark.

"Let's find an open space. I don't want bits and pieces of bench coming with us. Or bits and pieces of any bystanders" Sammy helped him up. Mark waved at the small crowd. 

It turned out there was an underpass beneath the road to the park a short distance away. Sammy supported much of his weight as they made their way towards the park. Sammy led him to a space between the trees, then turned towards him and took hold of both his hands. Just then they heard shouts behind them. The police officers that they had met before were running towards them pointing their gloves towards them menacingly.

"I guess today wasn't the day to go with the fun / irresponsible Sammy persona. Well this sucks. It looks like we have been made. Put your hands in the air."

The female officer was lagging behind the male so he failed to notice when she staggered and fell to the ground.

Mark almost missed what happened next. As the second cop moved toward them, a bee sting appeared on the side of his neck. Sammy yammered reassuringly at him, and gestured slightly with her hands. A 2nd bee sting appeared on the other side of the neck. He gave no sign that he was aware that his partner was down or that he had been shot, much less that Sammy had shot him twice. He took one more step then collapsed.

"One should have dropped him, he is going overdose for sure with two. This should keep his heart from stopping." A third bee string appeared on his arm.

"Why didn't you just time jump?" asked Mark, noticing the cops collapsing had attracted attention. Some park-goers were looking at them, others were moving towards the cops.

"The gravitational anomaly generated by the time shift is strong. I did not have a secure hold on you. You might have been hurt." Sammy continued. "I can't believe I used up 4 needles. It takes some time to replace those." Sammy paused, looking distracted for a second.

"I have called an ambulance for the police officers. Let's blow this place." Sammy grabbed him. There was a blow to his abdomen leaving him breathless. The world spun. The air was full of dirt, and bits of grass. He was falling.


