Chapter 4: Decision

{b}Location{/b} : Melbourne, Oceania, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Thursday, 22 November 2283 CE {br}

Mark fell on something soft. It turned out it that is was Sammy. They were still in the park. However they seemed to be lying in dirt at the bottom of a crater. It was now night, where a moment ago it was day.

"What happened?" Mark asked.

"I triggered a time jump, and the landing was rough. I controlled your fall and protected your arm," replied Sammy. "Today is now 22 November 2283."

"It felt as if you punched me." 

"That's probably, because the time jumper was right against your stomach, when I triggered it," she explained. "Maybe it was a mistake to locate the device on my arm. I thought that by placing my arm between us, and holding you tight, I could minimize the effects. Hmm, I there are a couple of other options, let me think about it."

"Time jumper?" he asked as his glaze lingered over what he could see of her body. The nearby street lights cast just enough light for him to make out the animated flames of her tattoos. The flames curled around her breasts and a stray flamelet floated up her neck across her cheek, then guttered out as it curled around her eye.

"I felt that there had to be a better name, than time travel device, or time machine. Time jumper was the name I came up with."

"It's a good name. Are you okay?" asked Mark, concerned about how heavily he had landed on her. As always, her soft flesh felt hot against his, in stark contrast to the chill air.

"Why wouldn't I be?" asked Sammy giving a warm smile that Mark could not help respond to.

"I fell on top of you." He stated as he drank in her intoxicating Rose sent. He leaned forward and gently teased her lips, first taking one then the other between his, showering her face and neck with a multitude of light kisses.

"I am made of sturdier stuff than what you are made of," rReplied Sammy as she stretched and wiggled in response to his attentions. She reached into his cloak and started kneading his buttocks.

Mark pressed his lips against hers lips for a deeper kiss. He teased the inside of her lips with his tongue and started levering himself upwards. Sammy grabbed his left arm and shoulder, supporting his weight. "Don't try to support yourself with your left arm." She commanded. "Doesn't it hurt?" She asked. "The painkillers should be starting to wear off. You keep forgetting your arm is broken."

Sammy rolled them both over, careful to support his arm. "Wouldn't you rather do this at a nice hotel rather than lying in the dirt," said Sammy as she leaned forward and rested on his chest.

"Yes, but it feels like a major project to get up," said Mark. He was starting to feel the effects of a stressful day, now that the adrenaline, and whatever drug Kara had given him was starting to wear off. He ran his hands down her back then lifted his hand, and looked at it. "Why are you not dirty?" He asked.

"My skin repels dirt." She replied as if was obvious, and perfectly normal.

"Tarka again, I suppose. If I stay here, I will need tarka to do anything, in this world, won't I?" asked Mark.

"Yes."

"Would it be hard to get me some?"

"The easiest way would be to share mine. I could do that anytime you choose," she said.

"Do it." 

"You need to understand the consequences first." stated Sammy.

"I will gain super strength, super healing, a direct connection between my brain and the internet, I will have a pharmacy literally at my fingertips, I will be able to change my appearance at will, instead of stinking, my sweat will smell like any cologne I want, if my hair gets messed up all I will have to do is shake my head and my hair will rearrange itself to look like it has just been styled, my skin will repel dirt, I bet you bad breath, and complexion issues will be a thing of the past, and it would not surprise me, if I could change the flavour my cum. Did it I miss anything?" asked Mark, as he listed all the special abilities he had noticed Kara, and Sammy displaying.

"A few things."

Mark ran his hand down her back and over her buttocks. She jerked as he ran his finger along her hot wet pussy, then brought it up to his mouth and sucked it. "It tastes like Rose water. It tastes delicious. This seems like a no-brainer to me. Why wouldn't I want to do everything you can do?"

"Hey, don't do that unless mean to do something about it. That's just plain rude," she complained.

"Sorry I was trying to make a point. It is not just the big ticket items, that make your tarka so impressive, but also the many small details. Why on Earth wouldn't I want to do everything you can do?"

"Make your point with someone else's body. Or better yet use your point with more care, and consideration."

"Sorry, is this better." he said as he arched up to kiss her. Placing his hand down where it was before, he rubbed her pussy lips and teased her clit.

"Yes, but arrgh! I have to ask you to stop. We have to talk about this.  It is a big decision, and we can't get distracted." Sammy looked annoyed, and frustrated, but whether at him, herself, or the situation he couldn't have said.

"About making love?" he asked.

"You know very well it is about whether to give you my tarka. No distractions." 

"Not even a little distraction?" He kissed her neck as he moved his hand over her wet cunt.

"Maybe a little distraction. Oh yes, move your hand higher. Yes. YES. Oh no, no, no, no, we have to be adults, and stay focused," she replied, her body twisting in frustration.

"Alright. What is the downside?" he asked removing his hand from her pussy and placing it on her smooth round butt.

"This is experimental tech, not meant for production use, as such it has a few rough edges. It treats alcohol, and other recreational drugs as poison, and you are going to have a hard time getting drunk, or stoned. Clothes are going to be uncomfortable. Naked snow skiing is suddenly going to seem a good idea, and sunbathing on a tropical beach is going to seem like a very bad idea. You're going to need much less sleep. Your senses are going to be much sharper, and you will be much more aware of your surroundings. You will experience things much more intensely. Your appetite will increase as will your sex drive. There may also be personality changes," she explained.

"What sort of personality changes?" he asked nervous for the first time.

“Some people find they have more patience, and are better able to keep their temper, other people experienced the opposite, with problems of impulse control. Also mood swings in the first month are common." 

"That does not sound too encouraging, however I can uninstall if the side effects are too great, can't I?"

"You will not want to remove this tarka, no matter the side-effects. It is like being color-blind all your life, and then being able see color. The extra sensations, the extra abilities, and emotional intensity, are not things you are going want to give up. I have discussed this with my fellow lab rats, and no-one wants to go back to what they were before. Even the ones with the worst side effects," she said.

"How do the personality changes compare, to say, drinking alcohol?"

"Maybe a couple of standard drinks either more sober or drunk. There is no way to tell beforehand."

"What are the pluses?" he asked.

"Increased lifespan, you could live more than 200 years. Ability to run training simulations that are extremely immersive, and realistic. Access to an impressive amount of computational power, and digital storage plus ability to wirelessly connect to other networks via a number of different communication protocols, all hardened against intrusion to 'State' levels. Low level and almost complete control over your body, including, but not limited to, the effects you have already enumerated. A number of non-lethal weapon systems, including the ability to deliver a strong electrical shock, and the ability to manufacture a wide variety of chemicals within your body, and deliver them though self-propelled needles or as a spray."

"You want me to take your tarka don't you? You just don't want to feel guilty about steamrolling me into it, just in case it turns out badly."

"I do not need guilt to spur me to right action. However yes, it could be useful," she said.

"Alright, I'll do it." 

"Having the tarka won't automatically enable you to do what I do. You will need to train hard to master the tarka." She paused for effect then continued. "Are you willing to do that?" she asked slowly with emphasis.

"Yes, I want to be an equal partner, and not some pet you drag around out of pity."

"I don't think of you as a pet, and I don't you drag around out of pity." 

"Yet, without the tarka, and the training you mentioned I will be helpless, useless, and completely dependent on you. So how do we do this?" he asked.

"I introduce the tarka into your bloodstream, then command them to colonize your body. They won't infect anyone else without a direct order."

"How do we do that?"

"You could drink my blood." said Sammy revealing sharp teeth that were not there before.

"Ha, Ha! Not funny."

"Or I could just inject you with this," she said, needles sliding from her fingertips. She injected him in both legs, both arm and his neck.

“Ow! Did you really need to give me so many injections?" 

"You only needed one, but I was hoping to speed up the process," she said. "Do you mind if we said goodbye to the Sammy persona? The rail screener I took her from, 'The fall of Ys', won't be made until 5 years from now. She is anachronistic. If someone else obtains time travel they might be able to track us down," she asked.

"What about me? Won't they recognize me from 2299?" 

"Yeah, we should change your appearance, as soon as your tarka fully colonizes your system.'

"You're not going make me do one of your painful quick changes are you?" he asked

"No, if you take your time it won't be as painful." 

"Are you going keep on doing this every hour or so?" 

"Maybe not so often. But it has kept me alive for 11 years," she said.

Sammy stiffened, and started trembling. Her skin flushed hot. Her hair changed color to a bluish green. Her face changed, becoming more rounded and taking on a Eurasian cast. Her skin darkened slightly. Her tattoos changed from flames to red and white stripes that were still animated, swirling slowly around her body. The familiar bruises now covered her body, she had beginnings of two black eyes, and blood started running from her nose.

"You may call me Ichigo. We better move before someone asks us whether we had anything to do with this crater. A hotel bed should be a lot more comfortable than lying on dirt." 

"Is Ichigo from a movie too? Or what did you call it? A rail screener?" he asked.

"I will introduce you to the various types of modern entertainment later. They're better experienced than explained. Ichigo is a custom job, and is inspired by something you said a short time ago, rather than on a screener, or an immersive." Ichigo said.

As she helped him up he noticed that her skin smelled of Strawberries and her green hair smelled of Mint. There was a wheelchair sitting next to the crater.

"Where did that come from?" 

"I asked for it." 

He tensed, bracketing himself against the cold as she removed his dirty cloak and put the cloak, and her bag in the back of the wheelchair. She took a blanket from the back of the wheelchair and wrapped it around him.

"Now you find a blanket. Couldn't we have used a wheelchair before?" he asked.

"We were on a tight schedule. Now we can take our time," she answered as she helped him into the chair.

"I am starting to get a tingling sensation all over my body, and my arm and my leg are starting to hurt more." The wheelchair moved by itself towards the roadway, it was obviously motorized. There seemed to be a vehicle parked waiting for them.

"The tarka is multiplying throughout your system, and interfacing with your neurons, and nerves. They are also removing foreign bodies, and chemicals like bacteria, viruses, and those drugs I gave you. Let me see if I can do something about the pain." 

"That's better. Thank you," he said as pain stopped bothering him. His injuries were just as painful as before, however he no longer cared about them. It was as if the pain belonged to someone else. "Who are you really? Am I going to have to call you a different name every 2 minutes?" he asked.

"I have given you more than enough information for you to figure that out."

"The hell you have."

"Along with the tarka, I gave you snapshots of several important public, and private data-stores. Those taken together with the other information I gave you, should be more than sufficient." she stated

"I don't know how to access those data stores."

"Consider it both incentive to pay attention to your lessons and homework. I expect you to be able to tell me the name my parents gave me, by this time tomorrow."

"Is that a stretch limo?" he asked.

"Believe it is the equivalent, yes."

"How did you pay for it? Won't you have difficulty accessing your accounts?"

"A number of security loopholes will be discovered, and closed in the next 17 years. Armed with 17 years foreknowledge it is an all you can eat buffet. Money is not a problem," she stated. She grabbed the cloak from the back of the wheel chair. She ran her fingertips over the cloak. Mark could just see a yellow mist coming from the end of her fingers. The cloak started to discolor and come apart at the seams. She tossed it in the trash receptacle as it disintegrated.

"So you are stealing?" 

"I am confiscating ill-gotten goods that no one knows is ill-gotten yet."

"Didn't you say that kind of reasoning was self-serving?" he asked.

"Do you want a ride in a limo or not?"

"Yes." 

"Then I had better clean you up, because I want you a little more presentable, for the next part." Ichigo grabbed a bottle of water and a cloth then started to wash the dirt off. She then helped him into the limo, the insides of which, consisted of a large bed.

"Nice," he remarked.

"Better than rolling around in dirt, ah?" said Ichigo as she stowed the wheelchair in the rear of the limo. She jumped onto the bed beside him. The door closed, and the limo pulled out onto the road.


