Chapter 13 : Tent City


{b}Location{/b} : Newstock, Montana, North American Coalition, Earth {br}
{b}Era{/b} : Tuesday, 14th April 2246CE {br}

Mark kept firm control of the vehicle as he navigated the uneven rocky track down the slope towards the sea of multi-colored tents. Since he had woken up from virtual reality the colours had been so bright, especially since they had left the snow behind. The clarity and detail of the world scraped his nerves raw. The thousands of different shades of green distinguished the vegetation. White and yellow wild flowers speckled the hillside and the riot of color that was the tents screamed at him. He could see aircraft moving over the campground. They looked like giant drones. Many seemed to have a payload suspended underneath.

“Would you say that you are good at following rules?” asked Fury snuggling close to him. He closed his eyes shutting out the sensory overload and plugged himself into the ute’s lidar. The lidar made it easier to see the dips and bumps in the road anyway.

"Not really, I tend to either ignore or creatively get around rules that are inconvenient to me." replied Mark. Closing his eyes also helped him appreciate the dusky scent of her skin and the warmth and softness of her body. It was distracting as he split his attention between driving, luxuriating in her closeness, and listening to her conversation, doing none of those activities well. 

"Exploitation of rules is kinda my signature move so I am no better," she admitted. "We both need to follow the rules here, or at the very least learn to break them in ways different from what we are used to. Reputation and status are everything here. This place is run on a gift economy. Money is a dirty word here. Even barter is frowned upon. These people blame money and greed for the bad times of the 2220s and the 2230s. It was a little more complicated than that of course. Society was hit by a perfect storm of several extremely disruptive social changes at once. Greed and arrogance prevented the commercial and government sectors from realizing how far the balance of power had shifted.  The government managed to make things worse and they got blamed for everything, even those circumstances beyond their control. Anyway, here in Newstock, government, authority, secrecy, competition, and capitalism are considered evil. Community, cooperation, consensus, openness, and generosity are considered good. People here are probably more open and friendly than you’re used to. Just don't be shy, be friendly back and take your lead from other people."

"Gift economy? Is that where people give away things in order to show how rich and powerful they are?" Asked Mark.

“In this case it is more like how community minded, cooperative, and generous they are. Remember almost everyone here has dropped out of the labor market. They are not rich and powerful in the traditional sense, but the payout for gifting is the same - status."

"Doesn't gift economies show up when resources are not scarce? I seem to remember something about some traditional Pacific Island societies working that way,” he asked as he maneuvered around part of the track that had been washed away by a small stream. 

"Part of the scarcity problem was solved by the development of survival tarka. Free open content tarka allows anyone to survive on any organic matter such as leaves or grass, plus water. No clothes or shelter are needed. The tarka takes care of medical needs and as well as communication, education, and entertainment. For a more comfortable life, nano-weave tents and food printers similar to the ones I showed you at the camp are fairly cheap and are a one-time cost. The fact you can live comfortably at no ongoing cost is one of those disruptive social changes I mentioned. Many of these developments were motivated by the trauma cause by the collapse of civilization during the sequestration wars in the 2150s. People wanted to make sure that if civilization collapsed again they would be able to survive, but it also meant that people could opt out of main stream civilization and join the alternative civilization of the Big Drop Out." 

“What’s the Big Drop Out?” he asked, half of his mind on Fury’s lecture and half on keeping the ute out of the ditch.

“It started with the disenfranchised and the unemployed, then grew into a widespread social movement. Communities sprang up in the reclamation parks and people withdrew from the labor market and commercialism. At its height, 28% of the Earth’s population dropped out completely with a further 44% percent partially dropping out by engaging with both the mainstream economy and the alternative economy simultaneously. It was mainly an Earth phenomenon with little offworld participation,” she paused, then continued. “There was already systemwide financial contraction going on. The wide spread layoffs was one of the factor’s driving the first wave of drop outs. Many governments were having problems with tax revenue. You can imagine the effect on the economy of such a large scale reduction in participation. Some governments tried to reassert control by taxing the gift economy or by making survivor tarka illegal.” Mark let the history lesson wash over him. He had made an attempt to learn some of the history that had happened after his time, but a big chunk of history had happened in those 283 years. Though it was only 230 years’ worth of history looking from the point of view of this era. He realized that much of the history he had learned from the 2299 mesh snap shot had not happened yet and he would need to be careful about mentioning future events to the people native to this era. He refocused his attention on his companion realizing that he had missed some of what she had said.

“As tensions rose and protest rallies proliferated, it became clear that people were not going to return to the mainstream economy or give up their survival tarka without a fight. As the crisis point was reached, System’s governments caved in. At least the vast majority of them did.”

“For the people below us the crisis has past. They believe they have won. The next few years will be the golden age of the drop out culture. However over the next few decades, workplace reforms, IP law reforms, streamlining of the red-tape impeding small businesses, incentives for education, training, and incentives for entrepreneurs and a host of other factors lured many people back into the mainstream economy. In 2299 there will only be about 8% of the adult population who are not participating in the mainstream economy. Government regulations will make it increasingly difficult to offer free open content tarka. Most employers will mandate use of a specific set of tarka.”

“The first half of those changes sound like improvements to me,” he said.

“They are, but the cost has been – will be limitations on tarka. You know what a difference high level tarka can make to your life. What would you do if someone tried to take away your tarka?”

“Over my dead body or better yet theirs.”

“Darren!!” she exclaimed.

Mark was confused for moment then remembered that he was supposed to be called Darren now. He also remembered that Fury was a Buddhist and what her views on killing were. Except it was Saffron now not Fury or Var. He just knew he was going call her the wrong name at the wrong time. He needed to think of her as Saffron.  Thankfully her changed appearance made it was easier to think of her as Saffron. “Sorry. Over my dead body it is then.”

“No, I am sorry. We should be focused on this era. I shouldn’t be ranting about what is going to happen in the future,” she said. “How are you feeling?” She sounded concerned.

“Fine,” he said.

“That was not polite small talk. You are cut off from your friends and family. You’re in a strange land. Your brain has been rewired, your body rebuilt, your system is flooded with high levels of hormones and neurotransmitters and overloaded with sensations and information. You are about enter a crowded place after spending the last few weeks with only me as company. Now tell me the truth. How are you feeling?”

“Pretty good. I feel a sense of euphoria, a buzz, like I am on something. I feel confident, strong, and focused.”

“Then why do you have your eyes closed?” she asked.

“The brightness was bothering my eyes.”

“Open them now,” she demanded.

Mark opened his eyes cautiously.  Pain flared at the back of his skull. He slammed on the brakes stopping the ute.

“Your brain is trying to process too much sensory information. You need to practice selective attention. Here!”

Suddenly the world seemed a dimmer darker more depressing place. 

“Whoa! That is a little too dark,” he exclaimed.

“You need to control this yourself. Open yourself up like this.”

Mark experimented with controlling the amount of information he was receiving from this eyes until he was comfortable. Then he noticed that he had other senses that were turned off.  “What are these?” he asked, sending her his impressions of the extra senses.

“I gave you a manual on those extra senses.  Remember? You were asking about the temperature and I told you that you had built in temperature sensors and other sensors as well.”

“Sorry. Yes. I remember, but I have so much reading on my backlog, I don’t think that I will ever get through them at this rate.”

“In that case you better have a look at these speed reading techniques,” she suggested.

Mark groaned as she passed him a token that added a speed reading book to his backlog. 

“You should add that to the head of your backlog rather than the tail.”

Mark studied the wall of multi-colored tent fabric. It wasn’t that much further. He could see that the drones were transporting cargo that was suspended underneath them by cables. They were setting down and picking up their loads from several locations within the campground. Mark started up the ute again and they resumed their progress towards the tents.

“If your head starts to ache or you feel dizzy or anxious tell me straight away,” she cautioned him.

“Yes, Mother.”

As they approached the sea of tents, Saffron indicated an area on the outskirts where a robotic pile driver was installing footings and foundations. Mark drove the ute up to one the foundations that was near the edge of the tents.

Saffron passed him a shoulder bag like hers. It contained some muesli bars and a collection of plastic knickknacks.

Mark raised his eyebrows.

“You are going to need those,” Saffron asserted.

They exited the vehicle and Mark helped Saffron pull a package of bright yellow nano-weave fabric off the back of the red ute. Mark repeated the Saffron name over and over silently in his head, trying to forget her other names less they escape his mouth at an inappropriate moment. The change in appearance helped.

Two black human-form bots unfolded themselves as they were uncovered by the nano-weave and climbed out of the ute’s tray. They grabbed the other side of the nano-weave and helped position it over the foundation.

“I have not seen these before,” said Mark nodding towards the bots.

“My era prefers more specialized bots, but in this era these type of bots are quite popular,” Saffron replied.

Under Saffron’s instructions the bots removed a black machine from the ute and attached it to the nano-weave tent. The mysterious device proved to be an air compressor and the tent slowly inflated.

“How are we going to get in without letting the air out,” he asked.

“Once it’s inflated I will command the braces and supports embedded into the tent wall to extend and stiffen. The air pressure will then no longer be needed to hold up the structure. The bots will then install additional supports to assist supporting the second story. Then the fixtures and furniture will be installed.”

“So we are not roughing it?”

“I see no reason to do so. We will be making this our main base of operations for some time,” she replied.

“Why will we need a second story?” 

“It will contain our takeoff and landing areas for T-jumping plus a small sound proofed meeting room. You will need to memorize your legend.“ Saffron sent him a document detailing a fake history for their new identities.

“What is this about me being a princess?” he asked. The wind gusted carrying grit and dust with it. Mark turned and stepped into the lee of the tent as the wind picked up. The bright yellow tent fabric fluttered noisily in the wind, but the fastenings to the foundations held.

“The Princess generation covers people born from 2208 to 2227. They have a reputation for selfishness and self-entitlement.” Saffron followed him around the side of the tent although it did not offer much, if any, shelter.

“Sounds charming. Any chance of bumping my age up a few years?”

“I would have to increase it by a couple of decades to get you into the ‘Care Not’ generation, which by the way, is believed to be cynical and resentful. You are not a good enough actor to pull it off. Besides if you make a mistake that someone from this era would not make, people will assume that it is because you are one of those useless idiot princesses,” she commented.

“Charming! Shouldn’t I be a prince rather than a princess?”

“No, princes are something quite different. Think Machiavelli. His book is very popular with the ‘Care Not’s.”

“I noticed that you added 40 years on to your age,” he observed.

“Well, I am that good of an actor. Making myself 67 was enough to make me part of the ‘Renewal’ generation, characterized by optimism and a strong work ethic. I am going to ask the Newstock council to bend a few rules for me and I need to be taken seriously.”

“You don’t really believe in that personality by generation bunk do you?”

“It does not matter what I believe in. The people in this era believe it,” she stated. “And it looks like we have company,”

Mark turned and saw two naked teenagers approaching them. The girl was blond, Caucasian, pretty in an elf-like way. The boy was a dark haired Asian. Both were small, far shorter than Mark or Saffron, skinny in a well-toned and well-muscled manner.  He squinted at them and their profiles came up in his visual cortex.

{block}
{tt}Name: Cloe York {br}
Role: Newstock Welcoming Committee Member. Newstock Festival Organizing Committee Member.{br}
Age: 39{br}
Gender: Female{br}
Sexually: Bisexual{br}
Marital Status: Married (Open) Spouse:  Iuppiter York {/tt}
{/block}

{block}
{tt}Name: Iuppiter ÒJupeÓ York {br}
Role: Newstock Welcoming Committee Member. Newstock Festival Organizing Committee Member.{br}
Age: 62{br}
Gender: Male {br}
Sexually: Bisexual{br}
Marital Status: Married (Open) Spouse:  Cloe York {/tt}
{/block}

Not teenagers then, although they looked 16 or 17. They glanced in his direction, then dismissed him and focused on Saffron. Saffron’s posture, expression and body language had changed. She had become someone else, someone older, harder, more purposeful, more relaxed and at ease with herself. It was if all the fire, passion, and resolve that seemed to be a key part who Fury was, had become more refined, focused, and rendered down to a well-worn and comfortable essence.

<I will never get used to you doing that,> complained Mark.

<I have had lots of practice.> responded Saffron.

“Hi there. Welcome to Newstock.” greeted Cloe.

“I am Iupputer and this is my wife Cloe.” Iupputer gave Cloe a significant look. Reluctantly she switched her attention to Mark.

“That looks like a nice tent.” commented Cloe giving Mark an infectious smile.

“Yes, it is our own design.” stated Mark.

“My husband Darren and I run a ‘Not for Profit’ that designs open content equipment that make the lives of drop outs more comfortable,” Saffron shared.

“Those are a lot of foundations. Most people are happy just using stakes and guy ropes. It looks like you are settling in long term. Are you planning on putting tents like this on all the foundations? It seems like a great deal of space for just the two of you.” Iupputer asked.

 “We are moving our entire organization here. There will be 20 or so people arriving over the next two weeks.” Saffron said as the compressor cut off. The walls of the tent stiffened and tent lost its rounded bulging look and became square. The black bots detached the compressor, then did something that created a door in the side of the tent. One of the bots retrieved a bundle of nano-fabric from the back of the ute, taking it inside the tent. The other bot took the compressor inside.

<Are we actually going to move so many people there?> asked Mark.

<Yes.>

“Just for the festival?” Iupputer asked.

“No. We are here for the long haul, we queried the Freedman Foundation and they are happy to let anyone who wants stay here after the festival. They even guaranteed to maintain the infrastructure for five years; water, feedstock, power, restrooms, garbage collection, everything.”
The sound of the compressor being turned on and off repeatedly came from the tent. One of the bots collected some black boxes from the back of the ute and transported them inside the tent.

“That is very generous of them,” Cloe remarked.

<Are the tents for the crew we are recruiting for the Nightingale jailbreak?> asked Mark.

<Yes, that’s right. Plus my parents and your research team.>

“The Freedman Foundation has plans for this place just as we do. They intend for this to be the center of a new renaissance and our organization “Smart Drop Outs” would like to contribute to this outcome.” Saffron paused then continued. “We want our members to live close each other, but we don’t want this area to become an insular enclave, therefore we propose to give the first floor of half of the tents to the organizing committee to distribute as they see fit.”

“First floor? They’re going to be multi-story?” squeaked Cloe.

Her voice was drowned out as a drone lowered a pallet of nano-fabric, black boxes and bots by cable. Setting it down next to the first tent. She repeated herself over the link, but nobody answered her.

“First floor of a quarter of the tents and first two floors of another quarter and you have a deal.” said Iupputer when the racket subsided.

“Done.” said Saffron.

“Jupe! You can’t do that. They’re bribing us to let them jump the queue. Foundations or even tents aren’t enough to reserve their place here. They have to have the people here. It is in the charter,” argued Cloe. The new bots unpacked themselves from the pallet and started setting up the second tent using the supplies from the pallet.

“I think we can live with it as long as the tents do not stay vacant for too long.” argued Iupputer. He turned to Saffron. “Your people will need to be here by Friday week. The headliners and the international artists are arriving on the following Monday. The festival officially starts then and it is going to be a madhouse. We can’t afford to have vacant tents at that stage.”

“Agreed,” stated Saffron.

“Jupe! We don’t do things that way here. This is just like how the Mega-Corps behave. Getting what they want by throwing around their power and money,” ranted Cloe. The compressor for the second tent started up.

“There is nothing wrong with a little win-win negotiation,” said Iupputer. From his gestures and body language it was obvious that the conversation was continuing silently. Cloe and Iupputer gestured angrily at each other with Cloe’s face getting redder and redder.

<Did you know about this occupancy rule beforehand?> asked Mark.

<Of course, why do you think I made my offer first, instead waiting until they worked up enough nerve to tell me I was breaking the rules?> asked Saffron.

<What will you do if Cloe wins the argument?>

<Go to one of the copycat Newstocks like the one in Queensland or the one in what used to be South Africa in your era. Or maybe do our R&R somewhere in different place than where we set up our permanent base. The problem is I want to give you at least one week of adaptation and socialization in the 23rd century before we move to the next stage of my plan. I would give you more than a week but I don’t think I could stand waiting more than that.> 

Observing the argument Mark sent, <Nether one seems to want to give in.> 

<Cloe is not going to win the argument, but I don’t want there to be any ill feelings between us and Cloe or between her and her husband.>

“Cloe, Iupputer. I don’t want to be cause of a rift between husband and wife. So I will withdraw my offer. I only made it because I wanted our little think tank to be a part of this community rather than a separate community of its own,” said Saffron.

“We would like you to be a part of this community as well,” said Iupputer. “Don’t we Cloe?”

Cloe glanced from one person to another, angry and embarrassed. 

“There is no need to rush into anything. Why don’t you show us around? Once we have gotten to know each other better maybe you will feel better about making a decision.” urged Saffron taking Iupputer by the arm and steering him towards the main mass of tents occupying the valley leaving Mark in the company of a sullen Cloe. “I think that is why the government and the commercial sector lost the confidence of the people. They forgot that they were not dealing with Human Resources, voting demographics, or fungible assets but people with their own concerns and worries. They forgot how important long term relationships based on mutual respect and understanding are.”

“I totally agree,” said Iupputer.

<Use your charm. Handle her,> sent Saffron.

<If I could do that kind of thing, I wouldn’t be in physics,> replied Mark.

<It’s not rocket science.>

<No, I can do rocket science.>

“I remember when I was a girl, people still remembered the lessons of the Great War. They remembered how important it was to listen to people and take their concerns seriously. I wouldn’t want you or Cloe to do anything you were not comfortable with,” said Saffron. <It’s not hard. Smile. Ask open ended questions. Nod when she talks. Get her to talk about herself. People like taking about themselves.>

<Where are you getting this ‘when I was a girl’ stuff?> asked Mark.

<I have a grandmother. I am channeling her.>

“I appreciate your thoughtfulness.”

“It is in our own self-interest. We intend to stay here a long time and I have never found short sightedness helpful in the long term,” said Saffron.

“So do you intend to stay here after the festival?” Mark asked Cloe.

“I suppose so. We knew we had permission to, but we didn’t know about the facilities until you told us. It depends on how many of our friends stay. It’s the people that make this place what it is. I am going to hate it when all the ‘drones’ arrive in a couple of weeks. It’s so different in the bot race. They don’t know how to behave in the drop out,” answered Cloe.

“So how did you and Cloe meet?” asked Saffron as they made their way into a narrow space between two rows of tents.

“We met at the Big Camp Out near the White House. That was quite an experience. For a while it looked as if the government was not going to back down. They sent in the police, then they sent in the militia. They tried tear gas, water cannon, rubber bullets, and bunch of other non-lethals but the survival tarka just laughed it off. We pushed the police back like they were dandelions in a stiff breeze. You were not allowed have survival tarka if you were a government employee so they stood no chance. They would have made survival tarka illegal if they had any way of enforcing the law. I thought they might go lethal, but I guess they were afraid of another Inkululueko massacre. Either that or it was a belated attack of ethics. Just as well, we (the demonstrators) would never have forgiven them. It would have been the return of the garroting platforms for sure,” said Iupputer.

Mark looked up the Big Camp Out. It seemed to be one of those pro-‘survival tarka’ demonstrations that Saffron was talking about before. He looked up Inkululueko massacre and became confused. The Mesh article on the massacre did not make any sense to him.

“Doesn’t sound like a very romantic setting,” said Saffron. <He is talking about the White House in Denver, not the one from your era. Washington D.C. is still a radioactive hole in the ground in this era.>

“You would be surprised. The camp was a hot bed of romance. Fighting for a common cause brings people together. Also the troubles broke up many a marriage leaving many people available. It ended my previous marriage. My ex was a banking executive. When I was right-sized from my teaching job, she wanted me to re-skill, but I could see where things were going. I dropped out, ended up in the Baltimore reserve, but she would not follow me. She was right-sized a few years later and ended up dropping out too, but by that time I was with Cloe.”

“I don’t know how you could stand teaching those bratty princesses,” commented Cloe as she stepped over a guy rope.

Iupputer gave his wife a sharp look of warning, indicating Mark with his eyes. “Personally I found princesses much easier to teach than ‘Care Not’s.”

<Saffron, the Mesh article on the incident between the tarka clinic workers and the mine enforcers near Inkululueko, Wokuzalwa. It says the enforcers killed the clinicians. Then later in the article it says all the clinicians recovered and all the enforcers died. Also it seems to be saying that the clinicians attacked the enforcers after the enforcers killed them.>

<Yes. That’s right. It’s one of the reasons that governments are so scared shitless of survival tarka. It upsets the whole state monopoly on violence that governments are so fond of. Violence became less safe for those without survival tarka. It becomes unproductive if both sides have the tarka and a massacre if one side doesn’t.>

<Sorry! What!?>

“What made you first notice her?” Saffron asked Iupputer while simultaneously sending to Mark <It is tough to permanently kill someone with survivor tarka. If they are injured or killed their tarka prevents blood loss by sealing wounds and prevents tissue death by slowing metabolism.> 

“Well aren’t you the nosy one.” said Jupe.

“I am sorry if I am prying.” Saffron seamlessly juggled the two separate conversations. <Given nutrients and time the survival tarka can regrow damaged or missing tissue, even brain tissue. It will restore memories and personality as best it can from backups.>

“No. No. It’s something I enjoy talking about,” he paused to give Cloe a fond smile. “She was quite the sight. She somehow squeezed through the line, dodged the cops and was waving her sign in front of some politician. A cop grabbed her by the arm. Big mistake. She dropped her sign and twisted his arm behind his back and tossed him by his belt a couple of body lengths. If he hadn’t landed on one of his fellow officers he might have been hurt, the poor man. Well then the fat was in the fire. Quite a few cops then drew their weapons and she was screaming at them to shoot her, telling them that when they did she was going to go full on zombie on them and was going to eat them starting with their ‘do nothing testicles’. Things might have gotten ugly, but a suit came along and suggested that everyone put their weapons away and go back to their own side of the line. The cops put away their weapons and for a moment I thought that Cloe (though I didn’t know her name then) was going to give the suit a piece of her mind, but instead she picked up her sign and slowly sauntered back to the line.”

Cloe colored and looked embarrassed. “It was one of those things you do when your blood is up. It was nothing really. I wouldn’t have dared, if I’d had time to think.”

<In normal circumstances survival tarka will keep a severely injured Tarkika immobile and call for an ambulance. However if the circumstances are violent and the Tarkika is under threat the emergency AI will defend the body with super human speed and strength. Nowhere near as fast and as strong as we are, but enough to be very effective against someone with only low level tarka,> sent Saffron.

<So when Cloe threatened the police with going zombie - > sent Mark.

<She was threatening them with what happened at Inkululueko and that is why the police did not fire their weapons even after she threatened them.>

“So when did you notice Iupputer, Cloe?” asked Mark.

“We were being pushed back by water cannon, when I hear this voice yelling. Telling us to crowd the police lines so they couldn’t use the cannon effectively without bowling the cops over. I managed to get out of the way of the high pressure water just in time to see Mister Loud Mouth here and his friends going through the police lines like a hot knife through butter. With him leading the way they fought their way to the water cannon truck and tipped it over.”

It was Iupputer’s turn to be embarrassed. “It was an intense time. A true turning point in history. Instead of teaching History, I was part of making it.”

Cloe was smiling her anger forgotten. “How did you guys meet?” she asked Mark. 

Mark tried to stay as close to the truth as possible. “Saffron noticed me when I made a discovery that she realized had commercial possibilities. She wanted to change the world. She wanted to save everyone and everything, and she had a lot of good ideas on how to achieve her goals. She seemed to think I could help. How could I say no?” asked Mark.

“Darren is brilliant, trustworthy, honest, and adorable. How could I not want to be with him?” added Saffron.

Cloe looked skeptical. Mark looked embarrassed.

<Aren’t you laying it on too thick?> sent Mark.

<Not at all. Every word is true.>

“Sounds more like the foundation for a business relationship than a romance,” remarked Cloe.

“I disagree. Two against the world. How romantic” said Iupputer.

“Yes. What could be better than a common cause to bring two people together? Your fight against the NAC brought you and Cloe together. Our shared vision for ’Smart Drop Out’ brought Darren and myself together,” said Saffron as they stepped from an empty narrow lane between two rows of tents into a broad thoroughfare filled with people. Statues and art installations were everywhere. Various crafts and knickknacks were lovingly arranged on display. Signs pointed to a multitude of events and services. 

This was the real Newstock. They had arrived.

