Chapter 2: Outside

{b}Location{/b} : Melbourne, Oceania{br}
{b}Era{/b} : Monday, 22 May 2299 CE {br}

They stepped out onto the pavement, which was crowded with a colorful assortment of pedestrians.

"But it is not just medicine you seem to know, it's everything, and anything. You know English, when the other people around here don't, and you know about time travel."

"All human knowledge at finger tips. The trick, the art is finding right knowledge at right time."

"So you're saying you are just good at 'Googling' things. Are you using the tarka to connect to the internet?"

"Huummm. Google, yes Google good metaphor. Using tarka yes. Public network called Mesh now. Using public network, and data-stores, but also am using many private networks, and data-stores."

"So if you are not a doctor, what are you?"

"I Mage."

Small vehicles zipped along the road at high speed. Most of them were two wheelers. None of them seemed as large as the cars of Mark’s era.

"You mean like magic? You say 'abracadabra' and I turn into a frog."

"Not magic, although may look like it from outside. Sleight of hand, and misdirection is part of it. Exploitation of unintended consequences of rules and laws, much part of it."

"Exploits huh? Sounds like you are a hacker. That makes sense, you hacked those poor doctors."

Kara guided them towards the curb.

"There more to Mage level work, than hacking communication, and control system."

"I am sure there is. What's with the non-standard appearance?" Mark said, tugging his ears.

"You mean this?" said Kara running her hands down her body.

"Yes, you and about a quarter of the people in this crowd." said Mark noting the bizarre body shapes, and skin colors of some of the people within sight.

A small vehicle pulled up in front of them at the curb. The doors opened revealing that the vehicle was empty.

"This actually Queen Lielesi, from the 2297 version of 'Elves of Atlantis’, with few changes because Intellectual Property laws. It pretty popular body."

"And when you say you have someone else's body, you mean - ?"

"Physical appearance matter of choice here." Kara helped him into the vehicle.

"Is this cosmetic surgery?"

"No, your tarka does it. Physical customization not something need doctor for. The average person takes few weeks to change appearance. High level Tarkika do it faster." The vehicle contained a recliner big enough for two. There was no steering wheel, and no driver. "So you don't actually look like this." said Mark as Kara slid in beside him and closed the door.

"Of course I look like this. These things you keep looking at are me." Kara grabbed his good hand and placed his hands on her pointed ears. The vehicle pulled out from the curb and sped down to road.

"These other things you keep on looking at are me too." Kara moved his hands to her breasts. "The third thing you keep on glancing at is me too." Kara moved his hands lower. Mark automatically jerked his hand away, then instantly regretted it.

"Tomorrow I will look different. That will be me too." Kara said.

After a pause Kara continued. "Before go to your arrival point, must pick up equipment. Need to create equipment. We go to Cafe with printer."

"Kara, how come you were at the clinic? You are not a doctor, not a patient. You are not the person who took me to the clinic. You don't seem to be an average person at all. The more I talk to you the less ordinary you seem," asked Mark.

"Those all very good questions, not sure have time to answer now. We need move quickly."

"Try to answer them."

"Unlikely things happened, bring us together. Things that make me believe this is not wild goose chase. That we find what we search for. Which good because things turn out badly for both of us if we do not," said Kara.

"You are not making much sense. What unlikely events are you talking about?"

"Instead of calling ambulance like sensible person, Good Samaritan carry you to nearby clinic himself. I get message from friend asking to meet. Friend does not turn up. You turn up, and I investigate disturbance. I run into Good Samaritan carrying you, and I realize you have no tarka. I help Samaritan take you to clinic. Rest you know."

"What happened to the Good Samaritan?" asked Mark.

"He took off like demons chasing him. He did not want involved."

"Did you say something about improbable events being good? I did not understand what you were trying to say there."

"Some events that would ordinarily be improbable, become probable in presence of time loops. We need to talk about the Cafe we are nearly there," said Kara.

"Really, but how do you know an unlikely event is caused by a time loop, and it's not just a coincidence?"

"I don't know if not coincidence. Makes life interesting. We need to talk about the Cafe. I need to use Cafe's printer create equipment to detect, capture, and utilize the item we are after. However there is complication. I need to physically alter the printer without anyone seeing me do it."

"Item? You mean the time machine?" asked Mark.

"I mean Chowdhury-Shmakov particle. The object responsible for your arrival in this time?"

"How do you know all this?"

"Theory of time travel, and design of practical time travel device discovered in 2143. All that is missing is Chowdhury-Shmakov particle. We need two things device, and particle. Will you help me?" asked Kara.

"Why do you want this time travel device so much?"

"I think I can save you, my friends, everyone. Will you help me?"

"What do you want me to do?" asked Mark.

Kara pulled out a sharp nail-like object, and a small black circle. "How good an actor are you?"

++++++

Kara and Mark wandered into the Cafe arm in arm gazing at each in adoration. As they reached their table, Mark kissed her and pushed her against a large black cabinet. There was a loud crack that Mark was sure everyone in the Cafe had heard. Then something sharp poked him in the arm. Belatedly Mark remembered to take the nail from her hand and give her the black circle. She covered the hole she had made in the printer (which Mark gathered was some kind of distant descendant of his century's 3D printers) with the black circle. She slipped around him and led him to the table. Mark sat down in a daze.

"Mark! I need you focus. This life and death. If we get this wrong we both die. Paaay atteeention."

"Sorry, I guess I really got into the role."

"No kidding." Kara brought his right hand under her nose, sniffed, then bought it under his. It was wet, sticky and had a strong Jasmine scent with a hint of sharpness that set off a response in the base of his skull.

"I didn't?" asked Mark.

"Yes, you did. On the positive side, no-one in Cafe was paying any attention to what I was doing to printer. On the negative side, I was doing something complicated at the time, and I did not need the distraction. Also you tried to lift me up. All my weight plus your weight went on bad leg. It is going to hurt much bad, when painkiller wears off. Plus I had to stop you doing something stupid, with your left arm. You DO realize it is broken? You can't just wave it about. I KNEW I gave you too many painkillers."

"I am sorry. I guess I was distracted."

"I need you to help me. Drink your soup." Kara gulped down some of her milkshake. Mark stared blankly at the cup of hot liquid and the small pastry in front on him. He had not even noticed, when they had served the food. He sipped the hot liquid from his cup it tasted like seafood chowder, really good seafood chowder.

"I am trying to keep us alive. I need you to focus. Repeat after me survive first, fuck second.”

"Fuck second." Mark said struggling to keep a stupid hopeful smile off his face. He could not seem to help himself.

"Aaand I have lost him again. It is really just as people say about men, blood drains out of big head, and goes into little head. Mark I need you to help me help you."

"Jerry McGuire." Said Mark as he bit into the pastry, it melted in his mouth flooding his senses with the taste of cheese, spinach and egg.

"Who!? No, No, please don't explain." Kara looked disappointed in him. "Remember the elevator. This is going to be much worse. First, I have to compromise the café’s systems so they do not notice when the printer misbehaves, then I have use the automata, that I introduce to the printer to jailbreak it, then I have to modify the design of the extraction device, because the open content version does not do exactly what we need. The time travel device only needs minor changes. When the printer prints both devices you need to collect devices from the output tray, then drag me into the restroom and shove me under a cold shower. I will upload 21st century English language package to bathroom control logic. Bathroom should respond to voice command," said Kara.

Mark sobered at the mention of the elevator. He still remembered his panic when he thought she was dying. Flying drones picked up his empty cup and tray and replaced it with a new cup and a tray of dumplings. He took a sip from the new cup. It tasted of beef, apple, curry and a little chili. He realized that Kara was now completely naked. He had not noticed her taking off her skirt. Not that the skirt covered much.

"Any chance of something with a little alcohol in it?" asked Mark.

"You are already as high as a kite. The only reason you are hobbling around, or even sitting up, is your blood stream is full of chemicals, which do not react well to alcohol." Kara crunched her ice. She was starting to look flushed. The drone brought a bucket of ice.

"Mark! My face is up here," said Kara gesturing at her eyes. "Mark I swear, if you don't focus I will inject with the antidote for that happy juice, I gave you, and you will feel all the abuse you have inflicted upon your poor body. Well, all the abuse WE have inflicted upon your poor body." Kara grabbed a hand full of ice, and rubbed it across her face and neck.

Mark remembered rubbing ice all over her body in the elevator. His eyes followed the path of a drop of melt water as it flowed down her body.

"Mark!" Kara held a hand in front of him. Mark blinked. A needle was protruding from her finger tip.

"I will be good."

Suddenly needles were protruding from all fingers "I don't want you to be good. I want you to … what?"

"You want me to focus. When the printer has finished creating both devices, I collect them from the output tray, then drag, or carry you to the toilets, and give you a cold shower," said Mark.

"Good! You were actually paying attention." The needles retracted. Kara swallowed some ice then dumped a cupful in her own lap.

"Where is the toilet?" Mark pressed a handful of ice against the back of her neck.

"The door with the wiggly line symbol. That's the restrooms." Kara started rubbing ice over her body.

"So, no Men's and Women's, it's just unisex?"

"Men and Women what? I don't understand."

"Never mind. Why do we have to jailbreak the printer?" asked Mark.

"Government monitors what the printer produces, plus the printer adds monitoring features to the artifacts it produces, so the government can check they are used for intended purposes. We need to prevent that." Kara gulped down another ice drink. Her skin was red and heat radiated off her. She looked very uncomfortable. "Can't you use external computational power for that?"

"That has different problems. You constantly have to check it has not been compromised. It never as secure as internal logic, and besides don't have any on me. Compromising someone else's logic has its own problems. Hijacking foreign logic works best in high redundancy situations and can never really trust a platform you don't own down to bare metal. Usually just fill a bath tub with ice and lay down in that." Kara started to pant. She tipped the rest of the ice into her lap, and the drone flew in another bucket. Mark rubbed ice on her face and then on her back while Kara rubbed ice on her front.

"I am sorry I threaten you. It was not right speech."

"That's okay. You were right. I was flaking out. I needed to focus. The threat gave me just enough adrenaline to gather my scattered wits."

"I have driven you to the limits of your mind and body. You should be in hospital. I will meditate on the folly of becoming so attached to goal that principles are abandoned. Later," said Kara panting.

"More ice. Less talk. I am not the only one who is reaching their limits.” Mark scooped up more ice and applied it to Kara's back.

"Aren't we drawing attention?" Asked Mark.

"Yes, too many people are going to remember us. We are leaving a trail that a fool could follow. We had better find what we are looking for, or we are in trouble," replied Kara.

There was a dinging sound from the printer. "That is the extractor, one down, one to go." Kara tried to force down another mouthful of ice.

The printer dinged again. "That's it." Kara said as Mark helped her out of the chair. Mark grabbed a tube and a wrist band from the output tray and put them in Kara's green bag. Kara hung on to his neck as they staggered toward the restroom. There was a twinge from his leg.

Mark burst through the door dragging Kara. The shower was at the back of the restroom. Half-way there Kara’s arms loosened around his neck. He dropped the bag and caught her as she fell. His leg burned and he felt something tear in his back. He dragged her to the shower.

"How the hell do I turn this thing on?" Water started falling from the four ceiling nozzles. "Yes but I need it colder." The temperature dropped.

"Much colder." The temperature dropped again.

"As cold as you can get." Mark cried out as the freezing water hit him.

Kara stirred her eyes fluttering. "Hi," she said. "The water is nice."

"The water is freezing," he replied starting to shiver.

"Let me warm you up." She pulled him down to the floor and rolled on top. The water flowing off her body was definitely warmer. She leaned down, and kissed him.

"Thank you," said Kara.

"Do you always do this?" asked Mark.

"What? Pin strange men to the floor? More water." The output of the shower increased.

"No, almost die every few minutes."

"No. I have spent the last several years surviving by being cautious, by never taking a risk without a careful risk-benefit analysis. By always blending in. Never standing out. I meet you, and it all goes out the window. Suddenly I am taking insane risks. Doing things that will make people remember me. Doing things that will focus the attention of the authorities on me," she said.

"Why are you doing this?"

"You are the first time traveler. No way I let your story end, by you being killed by misapplied law, or because they want your time machine. Because that is how it will go. If you do not show them a time machine, they will kill you because they think you were born illegally. If you do show them a time machine they will kill you because they will want to confiscate your time machine as ill-gotten goods. And I really need to pee."

 "Just pee, I don't mind. How is a time machine ill-gotten goods?" he asked.

"If you were born illegally, by definition everything you own is ill-gotten goods."

"That's insane! The law I mean."

"No, just self-serving. Do you mean pee on you? You kinky?" she asked.

"Not kinky, just cold. And my muscles don't want to move. My body just wants to shut down."

"I made you use bad leg again. You should be resting. And now am making you cold. I am sorry."

"I will live. {b}If{/b} the police don't catch me." A warmth spread out over his stomach. A look of relief flooded Kara's face. 

"Sorry," she said.

"It's okay. Alright, I am not going to get into the insane laws with you, because I am pretty sure we have already had that conversation. Hold on! If I am doomed whether we get the time machine or not, why are we doing this?"

"To escape. They will to have a hard time following us though time. We had better get a move on, before the police track us down. I am going to do a costume change now okay."

"Okay," said Mark, uncertain what she actually meant.

Kara stiffened and started trembling. Her skin started getting hot again. Her hair changed color to a fiery red. Her face started changing and lengthening, becoming more angular with more prominent bone structure. Her ears lost their points and became rounder. She became shorter by one or two centimeters and more curvaceous. Her tattoos changed from snowflakes to flames and unlike the snowflake tattoos these were animated, leaping up her body. This was not without cost. Bruises now covered her body, and black at the corner of her eye hinted at the beginnings of two black eyes. Blood started running from her nose.

“{b}That{/b} looked painful," he said.

"It was. {b}Very{/b}.” Kara was breathing hard, and trembling.

"Is this another movie star?"

"Bree the shield maiden from ‘The Fall of Ys’. This one is a little more high-end than the body of my previous persona. You can call me Sammy."

"This isn't some sort of freaky multiple personality thing is it?"

"More like protective colouration. You can think of it as an actor taking on different roles," she said.

"Kara isn't your real name then?"

"We need to move. DRY." Air blasted them from all sides. Sammy pulled him up as if he weighed nothing. Sammy needed to support most of Mark's weight, as he still had not recovered. She removed the wet toga from Mark and gave the dry command again.

"Now {b}I{/b} need to go," he said.

"I will help."

"I don't need help."

"You ready are to fall down. Number ones, or twos?" asked Sammy.

"Both."

"Western or Eastern?"

"What?" he asked

"Do you prefer a Western style toilet, or an Eastern style toilet?" 

"Western," replied Mark as Sammy helped him to the stall, and lowered him on to the seat.

Mark found himself face to nipple with one of Sammy's perfect breasts. The smell of Roses filled his nostrils so different from Kara's Jasmine smell. She just had a shower. It wasn't perfume. Sammy or Kara could smell the way she wanted. Mark licked his lips, that perfect nipple seemed to be calling to him.

"Do it," said Sammy. With that encouragement he leaned forward and to breathe her nipple. It felt silky soft against his lips.

"I meant empty your bladder, void your bowels. Do what you came here to do," clarified Sammy.

"Sorry, I got distracted."

"You to do that a lot."

"I can't do anything while you are watching," he said.

"Do not blame me if you fall down," she said leaving the stall. Mark was finally able to relax.

"I bet her shit smells like Roses," he muttered.

"I heard that," called Sammy.

"Flush," he commanded. "What do you use for toilet paper?" he asked.

"Rinse," commanded Sammy from outside the stall. Water spurted upwards from within the bowl. "Dry," she commanded. A blast of air dried him. Sammy entered the stall and helped him up. Mark noticed her bruises were already healing.

They collected Kara's bag on the way out. Sammy changed the color of the bag to brown, and pulled the cloak they had brought from the clinic.

"Put this on," she ordered.

"Won't the people out there notice that you look different from what you did before?"

"Less people than you would think. However we are running out of choices. Time’s a wastin, Marky."

"Why are you better at speaking English than Kara?" he asked.

"I have had more practice. Also Kara does not like unnecessary words."

"Really??" Sammy's body language seemed different. She seemed younger, more bouncy, and more carefree without the soul crushing sadness that seem haunt Kara. "How can you do that?"

"Do what?" she asked plowing through back into the cafe.

"Just be someone else." Mark scanned the room. He saw a few eyes watching them but most people seemed more concerned about their own problems.

"But I am not someone else. I am the same person I have always been. It's just that Kara is the sad me. And Sammy's the happy me. Kara is the one who thinks the Solar System needs to be saved. Sammy is the one who asks does the Solar System want to be saved. Don't you have different moods, Marky?"

"I don't generally give my moods names," he said.

"Just assume that I am sane. What should your next question be?"

"Why are you doing this?"

"Yes, Marky that is the correct question. Can you give me the answer?" she asked.

"You are being hunted by someone."

"Can you tell me by who?"

"My guess would be the police," he said.

"Correct."

"Hold on. Shouldn't we pay?"

"Already paid," she said.

"But I didn't see -"

"I wirelessly transferred crypto-currency to the cafe's account," she said as they left the cafe.

